Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
View all New York Times newsletters.
[The New York Times]• No clear winner is expected to emerge in Bulgaria’s parliamentary elections on Sunday.
“Because a Goodyear Semirigid Dirigible doesn’t roll off the tongue,” Eddie Ogden, the company’s airship historian, said about sticking with the term.
Spirit of Innovation was the first Goodyear blimp to be named by the public, in a contest won by Matthew Harrelson, a high school teacher, in 2006.
Keywords:  ['goodyear', 'reading', 'times', 'briefing', 'main', 'day', 'semirigid', 'continue', 'blimps', 'wikileaks', 'ukraine', 'blimp', 'london', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  House Republicans are proposing to fundamentally alter the way the federal government has been financing Medicaid for more than 50 years.
Of the 20 million who gained insurance under Obamacare, at least half were through Medicaid expansion.
Federal spending on Medicaid flexes as states alter their policies, eligibility rules and payment rates for doctors, hospitals and nursing homes.
+14% South Dakota –1%This is partly because spending for older Americans, along with disabled people, make up a larger proportion of Medicaid spending, even though they are a smaller share of enrollment.
Could Fare Better States that did not expand Medicaid Could Fare Worse States that expanded MedicaidIn a shift from previous proposals, the Republican legislation does not immediately repeal Medicaid expansion.
Keywords:  ['spending', 'state', 'states', 'federal', 'health', 'expansion', 'older', 'spend', 'larger', 'medicaid', 'republicans', 'changes', 'impact', 'obamacare', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Milo Yiannopoulos, the hard-right provocateur who incited a storm of criticism for condoning sex with boys, left Breitbart News.
More than 65 writers, artists and actors published an open letter opposing Mr. Trump’s efforts to bar people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
And if history is any guide, at least some of the stars at the Oscars this Sunday will criticize Mr. Trump’s approach to immigration and other issues.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyYour Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'evening', 'version', 'reading', 'country', 'briefing', 'main', 'trumps', 'continue', 'mr', 'posted', 'yiannopoulos', 'weekend', 'milo']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In order to regulate pollution from existing power plants, the E.P.A.
assumed utilities could reduce emissions at individual plants by taking actions outside of those plants — say, by replacing coal plants with wind farms elsewhere.
Mr. Pruitt is proposing to repeal the Clean Power Plan on this basis.
analyses found that such upgrades would lead to a roughly 4 percent increase in efficiency at coal plants.
Consider Arkansas, one of the states that challenged the Clean Power Plan in court.
Keywords:  ['carbon', 'emissions', 'major', 'repeal', 'power', 'epa', 'plan', 'rule', 'mr', 'obamaera', 'plants', 'coal', 'announces', 'states', 'clean']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  PhotoThe American Civil Liberties Union sued the Trump administration on Tuesday over its detention of a 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy who was stopped by Border Patrol agents in Texas last week on her way to surgery.
The girl, Rosa Maria Hernandez, had been living in Laredo, Tex., with her parents, where she was brought illegally from Mexico when she was 3 months old.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“This case is shocking,” Michael Tan, an A.C.L.U.
lawyer working on Rosa Maria’s case, said in a phone interview on Tuesday evening.
“And all of us who do immigration work are concerned that this is the new normal.”
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'immigrant', 'parents', 'rosa', 'administration', 'marias', 'girl', 'detention', 'aclu', 'case', '10yearold', 'illegally', 'maria', 'patrol', 'sues']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Schiller said he relayed the story to Mr. Trump when they were returning to his hotel room later that night.
Mr. Schiller told investigators that he stood guard outside Mr. Trump’s door after he retired for the night, before eventually leaving to go to sleep himself, the person said.
Stuart A. Sears, a lawyer representing Mr. Schiller, declined to comment.
He accompanied Mr. Trump on business trips and later, crisscrossed the country with him during the presidential race.
After Mr. Trump won the presidency, Mr. Schiller followed him into the White House, serving until September as the director of Oval Office operations.
Keywords:  ['exbodyguard', 'trump', 'later', 'tower', 'agalarov', 'keith', 'business', 'moscow', 'turned', 'women', 'trumps', 'worked', 'offer', 'mr', 'schiller', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (Mr. Trump said the fallen Fox star Bill O’Reilly should not have settled sexual harassment complaints.)
Mr. Trump speaks with Mr. Roth frequently, and is leaning on him to help develop a trillion-dollar infrastructure package expected this year.
Mr. Ruffin has a knack for showing up when Mr. Trump needs him most and remains a die-hard defender.
Stone Jr.Few alliances in politics are as complicated as the 40-year relationship between the Nixon-tattooed Mr. Stone and Mr. Trump.
Robert KraftThe owner of the New England Patriots is a Democrat, but his loyalty to Mr. Trump, Mr. Kraft once said, dates partly to the president’s thoughtfulness when Mr. Kraft’s wife died.
Keywords:  ['reaches', 'trump', 'west', 'wing', 'president', 'white', 'advisers', 'trumps', 'house', 'mr', 'counsel', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “I am ordering today that the veil finally be lifted,” Mr. Trump said in a memo to the agencies.
It ruled out the Soviet and Cuban governments, organized Cubans opposing Fidel Castro, the Mafia, the F.B.I., the C.I.A.
Administration officials said there was no cover-up, just an effort to avoid compromising national security, law enforcement or intelligence gathering methods.
After his 1991 conspiracy theory movie “J.F.K.” stoked renewed interest, Congress passed the President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act, which was signed into law by President George Bush on Oct. 26, 1992.
The act mandated that all assassination records be released no later than 25 years from that date, which was Thursday, unless the president authorized further withholding for national security reasons.
Keywords:  ['kennedy', 'files', 'oswald', 'seekers', 'records', 'national', 'assassination', 'president', 'cia', 'released', 'treasure', 'trove', 'jfk', 'security', 'answer', 'soviet', 'incomplete']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  ECONOMIC GROWTH With proposed tax changes, G.D.P.
would be substantially higher in a decade: 19 AGREE STRONGLY 18 AGREE 1 UNCERTAIN ECONOMIC GROWTH With proposed tax changes, G.D.P.
They base this claim on cherry-picked studies finding that countries with lower corporate tax rates have had higher wage growth, while ignoring evidence that past cuts to the corporate tax rate in the United States and Britain did not lead to economic booms or higher incomes.
Further, companies would be able to claim taxes paid in high-tax countries like Japan as a credit against profits earned in countries like Bermuda with no corporate tax.
Those higher rates would prompt foreigners to buy more United States bonds, driving up the value of the dollar.
Keywords:  ['bills', 'tax', 'republican', 'corporate', 'higher', 'future', 'substantially', 'debt', 'rates', 'proposed', 'agree', 'strongly']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyEven with the fall of the militant group’s de facto capital in Syria, counterterrorism officials are bracing for a new, lethal incarnation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Google’s new Pixel 2 smartphone is, our reviewer says, a powerful extravagance.
The Chicago Cubs survived, and the New York Yankees are a win away from the World Series.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Quotation of the day.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhat would you like to see here?
Keywords:  ['family', 'catalonia', 'reading', 'help', 'madrid', 'plaza', 'president', 'briefing', 'main', 'continue', 'york', 'isis', 'spanish', 'chicago', 'cubs']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Third, pressure Democrats to help with a series of bills to complete the replacement and change the health care system more to the liking of conservatives.
But Republicans say that gives them nearly a year of time, since people will experience few changes with their health care in 2017.
Photo“Republicans do not currently have the votes to pass their health care bill in the House,” said Kim Monk, a health care analyst at Capital Alpha Partners, a policy research firm for investors.
His Twitter-fueled ability to command a spotlight could be a formidable asset as Republican leaders try to collect votes for the health care bill.
has extended insurance coverage to millions of people with expensive health problems, and to many lower-income households.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'strategy', 'republican', 'law', 'health', 'repeal', 'coverage', 'insurers', 'gops', 'house', 'republicans', 'highrisk', 'insurance', 'care', 'legislation']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Here are the top officials in the Trump White House who have left.
Seeking a reset, Mr. Trump dined with a handful of his most generous donors, trying to build support for his hobbled legislative agenda.
Letting “Obamacare implode,” as President Trump has threatened, would cut off payments to insurers that help lower medical costs for millions.
And President Trump has signed a sweeping executive order to eliminate and streamline environmental regulations with the aim of speeding up infrastructure projects.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p.m. Eastern.
Keywords:  ['bannon', 'trump', 'south', 'war', 'reading', 'north', 'solar', 'president', 'white', 'briefing', 'eclipse', 'main', 'mr', 'spain', 'weekend']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And how gun violence connects to domestic violence.
I wanted to write a column that paid tribute to this, to the simple neighborliness and good citizenship of New Yorkers.
She’s always had a not-unsurprising guarded reserve around the media, but that day she seemed to have lost all her barriers.
And now he’s yelling about immigrants and gang violence and people plotting to tear “our statues” down.
I vote in New York City, thank God, so I don’t know local Virginia issues too well.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'republican', 'reading', 'right', 'going', 'virginia', 'violence', 'sleeps', 'know', 'talking', 'think', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Kelly’s son was killed in Afghanistan in 2010, and Mr. Trump asserted that President Obama did not call him afterward.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee, but refused to discuss his conversations with President Trump about Russia or the firing of the former F.B.I.
He also sidestepped whether it would be “problematic” for Mr. Trump to issue a pre-emptive pardon to someone of interest to the special counsel’s investigation.
Empire Rye, the appellation for dozens of New York distillers, is celebrating “New York Rye Week.”Market Snapshot View Full Overview_____Photo10.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['evening', 'whiskey', 'trump', 'state', 'sessions', 'alexander', 'rye', 'jinping', 'president', 'women', 'briefing', 'lamar', 'mr', 'posted', 'xi', 'jeff', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In 2011, the unintended pregnancy rate hit a 30-year low.
And the teenage pregnancy rate and teenage birthrate right now are at record lows in the United States.
rule also argues that contraception is associated with negative health effects.
Every health decision weighs benefits and harms, and birth control provides benefits beyond preventing pregnancies, including reduced rates of some cancers, regular cycles and reduced bleeding and menstrual cramps.
The proportion who “had sexual intercourse with four or more persons” dropped to less than 12 percent from 15 percent.
Keywords:  ['sexual', 'contraception', 'effects', 'arguments', 'pregnancy', 'health', 'birth', 'women', 'doubtful', 'restrict', 'access', 'rate', 'study', 'rule', 'proportion', 'control', 'science']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Manufacturing Jobs Have Lagged Change in jobs, Jan. 2008 to May 2017.
That indicates that companies are trying to hire (good news) but are having trouble finding workers with adequate skills (bad news — but an opportunity).
New Jobs on the Rise but Skills Gap Growing Manufacturing job openings and hires since 2002.
350 300 250 200 150 Manufacturing job openings Manufacturing job hires ’05 ’10 ’17 300 200 Manufacturing job openings Manufacturing job hires ’04 ’06 ’08 ’10 ’12 ’14 ’17See what education can do for an individual’s income — and what happens to those without college degrees.
Singapore (1) Hong Kong (2) Japan (5) Switzerland (7) Canada (9) Germany (15) Sweden (23) France (25) Britain 26) O.E.C.D.
Keywords:  ['bad', 'france', 'canada', 'products', 'job', 'good', 'america', 'japan', 'college', 'germany', 'manufacturing', 'jobs', 'education']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  SANTA MONICA — Mike White was once a poor Cuban waitress, a Maori tribesman, a Qing dynasty noble and a doting Japanese wife.
Skeptical at first, Mr. White eventually bought into the fresh outlook he gained for himself and his work.
One I’m a party animal, another one I’m uptight, another I’m vain and narcissistic.
Whether it was really coming from somewhere, or it’s me trying to express something, I realized it’s the same reason I’m a writer.
I felt free to try different things and different voices.
Keywords:  ['things', 'hollywood', 'paintings', '12', 'im', 'white', 'self', 'lives', 'different', 'writer', 'wanting', 'true', 'screenwriter', 'believe', 'mike']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Trump Digs Coal” read the signs during the campaign, and Donald Trump promised he would be “an unbelievable positive” for the miners.
Average solar system prices $6k/kW Residential Utility-scale 2015 5k ‘16 4k ‘22 3k 2k 1k Japan Korea U.S. Aus.
Source: Analysis based on IRENA; International Energy Association Average solar system prices $6k/kW Residential Utility-scale 2015 5k ‘16 4k ‘22 3k 2k 1k Japan Aus.
Wind contract price, national average $60 40 20 $22.02 0 2010 2012 2014 2016 Note: Contract price is the power purchase agreement, generation-weighted average.
That’s because wind power contracts lock in low prices for 20 years or longer, whereas the cost of natural gas fluctuates from day to day.
Keywords:  ['average', 'trump', 'solar', 'source', 'power', 'prices', 'donald', 'wind', 'understand', 'electricity', 'price', '2010', 'energy', 'truths', 'climate', 'doesnt']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  People who work at larger companies tend to set aside money in a 401(k); they don’t pay taxes until they withdraw funds.
They pay tax on money before it is deposited, but then get to withdraw it and the subsequent earnings tax-free in the future.
Rather than allow workers to continue delaying their tax payments, the Republican leadership wants to collect tax revenue on most new contributions upfront so they can use it to pay for those expensive corporate tax cuts.
The question of whether deferring taxes on retirement savings is actually good policy, however, is a separate matter.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Gale says he thinks the immediacy of the 401(k) tax break encourages people to save more than they otherwise might.
Keywords:  ['401k', 'pay', 'tax', 'savings', 'cuts', 'limit', 'save', 'paying', 'roth', 'revenue', 'contributions', 'taxes', 'retirement']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Filing status Current deduction Current deduction & exemptions Deduction under G.O.P.
The mortgage interest deduction would be capped for newly purchased homes up to $500,000, and the property tax deduction would be capped at $10,000.
Create a New Tax Rate For ‘Pass-Through’ BusinessesThe plan would create a new 25 percent tax rate for “pass-through” businesses — sole proprietorships, partnerships and S corporations that currently pay taxes at the individual rate of their owners.
Most pass-throughs are small sole proprietorships currently paying less than a 25 percent marginal rate.
Cutting this tax rate is the most expensive change in the bill.
Keywords:  ['15', 'tax', 'charts', 'help', 'republican', '28', 'plan', 'marginal', '25', 'explain', 'rate', 'income', 'deduction', '20', '35']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  While Republican lawmakers want to do away with the Affordable Care Act, doing so without offering an alternative for people covered under the law is politically perilous.
Ms. Hagan urged consumers to seek help from those known as health care navigators, who are available by phone and in person to help consumers sort through options.
You can’t enroll in marketplace coverage or change plans after the deadline, unless you have a special circumstance, like losing job-based coverage, marrying or having a child.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIs there any chance that marketplace health coverage could be disrupted this year?
One outside possibility that health care experts are closely watching comes from a lawsuit known as House v. Burwell.
Keywords:  ['help', 'health', 'say', 'coverage', 'absolutely', 'plans', 'consumers', 'affordable', 'sign', 'marketplace', 'experts', 'care', 'suit', 'senior']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The health care debate makes this danger particularly clear.
By the late 2000s, however, the decline in employer-provided coverage and the steady rise of health care costs made status-quo politics untenable: Too many workers who made too much to qualify for Medicaid were unable to afford insurance.
Meanwhile, over the same period, Republicans were winning more working-class votes, which meant that their own constituents increasingly stood to benefit from a coverage-expanding health care reform.
did — sometimes by embracing a more libertarian vision of health care, but more often by incoherently and opportunistically attacking whatever the Democrats proposed.
accepts a health care subsidy for the working class, without addressing all the internal reasons that the party can’t agree on what that subsidy should look like.
Keywords:  ['cant', 'bill', 'trump', 'health', 'senators', 'rights', 'party', 'sign', 'policy', 'republicans', 'voters', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  ■ States with waivers could also tap a special $8 billion fund to help lower insurance prices or deductibles.
All of these changes would be added to the basic structure of the American Health Care Act, which reshapes the health insurance system.
The winners are likely to be younger, earn higher incomes and live in areas where the cost of health insurance is low.
Republican health care bill Full repeal 2016 repeal bill -24 million -23 -32 Republican health care bill Full repeal 2016 repeal bill -24 million -23 -32■ The Congressional Budget Office says an older version of the bill would mean that 24 million more Americans would lack health insurance in a decade.
The Republican bill would actually result in more people being uninsured than if Obamacare were simply repealed.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'gop', 'states', 'health', 'repeal', 'prices', 'care', 'million', 'heres', 'insurance', 'way', 'catch', 'alive', 'quick', 'americans']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  Ferrer won, 6-1, 6-7 (3), 6-4, and will meet Alexandr Dolgopolov in Sunday’s final.
Event in OhioNelly Korda birdied the final two holes for a five-under-par 66 and a two-stroke lead in the Marathon Classic in Sylvania, Ohio.
Tour winner Jessica Korda and a daughter of the tennis major champion Petr Korda, had a 15-under 198 total.
Miami won for only the third time in eight games, getting its first back-to-back wins since the All-Star break.
Busch earned the spot on his final lap with a speed of 187.301 miles per hour.
Keywords:  ['twice', 'won', 'korda', 'costa', 'takes', 'race', 'visiting', 'second', 'rica', 'soccer', 'cup', 'gold', 'wins', 'beats', 'victory', 'team', 'final']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In a speech thin on policy specifics Tuesday, President Trump did mention one wonky term worth watching: tax credits.
That functions sort of like a gift card; people can use it to buy health insurance regardless of their income.
Tax deductions are most valuable for people in the highest tax brackets.
PhotoDuring the campaign, Mr. Trump’s official health plan called for allowing people to use a tax deduction to buy health insurance.
This is a strategy embraced by many conservatives, who have said they dislike tax credits because they represent too much federal spending.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'republican', 'gop', 'health', 'plan', 'deductions', 'trumps', 'picks', 'house', 'work', 'republicans', 'credits', 'insurance']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  They included sensors to beef up border monitoring, rebuilding roads along the border, drones and air support for border enforcement.
“And I said for us to get something done we need to establish some trust,” Mr. Schumer added.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“We’re all going to support the Dream Act and we’re going to push for it to get on the floor soon,” Mr. Schumer said.
“That part is agreed to.”Republicans accused Mr. Schumer of moving the goal posts.
“No, we’re not looking at citizenship,” Mr. Trump said.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'protect', 'republican', 'dreamers', 'schumer', 'law', 'border', 'president', 'legislative', 'trumps', 'lifts', 'mr', 'republicans', 'support', 'chances', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It’d just be another signal to North Korea that you can’t negotiate with Donald Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBesides, as the old line goes, it’s worse than a crime; it’s a mistake.
Let’s talk about health care instead.
Looks like the new health care bill is DOA.
Key line: “Any national health care system that assumes one party will control Washington for all eternity is doomed to fail.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'reading', 'states', 'health', 'president', 'live', 'donald', 'going', 'trumps', 'main', 'think', 'care', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  They are working on a luxury apartment complex in central Moscow, where two North Koreans were found dead last month in a squalid hostel near the construction site.
Painters and plasterers are not generally subjected to the brutal mistreatment endured by North Koreans working in Russian logging camps or on construction sites.
Why North Korea would sharply increase coal imports is a mystery, as it has plenty of coal.
While presenting a miserable tableau of deprivation at the airport, North Koreans who have worked as laborers in Russia often are eager to come back.
And it is much better here than in North Korea,” Georgy Toloraya, a former Russian diplomat in Pyongyang, said.
Keywords:  ['koreans', 'north', 'basically', 'russia', 'slaves', 'labor', 'korea', 'situation', 'vladivostok', 'russian', 'work', 'korean', 'workers', 'laborers']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “This is, I think, the first time in a long time that an administration has written a budget through the eyes of the people who are actually paying the taxes,” said Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s budget director.
It is just as much a sign of Mr. Trump’s lack of enthusiasm for the policy detail and message discipline that is required to marshal support to enact politically challenging changes.
Republicans balked at Mr. Trump’s demand for money for the border wall in negotiations over a spending package enacted last month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe budget itself avoids some of the tough choices that would be required to enact Mr. Trump’s fiscal vision.
To balance the budget, Mr. Trump’s budget relies on growth he argues will be generated from the as-yet-unformed tax cut.
Keywords:  ['efforts', 'budget', 'deeply', 'mulvaney', 'tax', 'trump', 'cuts', 'president', 'antipoverty', 'trumps', 'medicaid', 'mr', 'programs', 'presidents', 'spending']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “We must stop pretending that the degradation of our politics and the conduct of some in our executive branch are normal,” Mr. Flake said.
After the speech, Mr. McConnell praised Mr. Flake and said he regretted the senator’s decision to leave.
Mr. Flake’s private polling had steadily become worse this year as he intensified his criticism of Mr. Trump.
To many conservatives who support Mr. Trump, Mr. Flake was an especially desirable target.
Mr. Trump himself encouraged a primary challenge to Mr. Flake, calling him “a non-factor” and “WEAK on borders,” while lauding Ms. Ward on Twitter.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'jeff', 'president', 'corker', 'critic', 'flake', 'fierce', 'seek', 'ward', 'senate', 'senator', 'mr', 'flakes', 'republicans', 'reelection']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To the Editor:As a Democrat opposed to the Republicans’ agenda, I am delighted with President Trump’s pattern of self-created crisis du jour.
For these reasons, among others, I want him to remain in office.
But as a loyal and patriotic American, I am dismayed by what he is doing to the country and find his behavior reprehensible.
This outweighs the reasons to keep him around and augurs in favor of getting him out of the White House before he inflicts more incalculable damage.
MARSHALL TANICK, MINNEAPOLIS
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'democrats', 'revising', 'dilemma', 'reasons', 'tanick', 'white', 'trumps', 'selfcreated', 'republicans', 'security', 'unfairly']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Just as Jews refuse to forget Hitler’s Germany, we black Americans refuse to forget the often unspeakable atrocities we endured.
Black History Month must not be just about black people, but about white people, too.
To those whites I would say, I empathize with your economic pain and suffering.
And as you look in the mirror and begin to see a dark face look back, be honest with yourself.
Isn’t it better to be white and economically forgotten than to be economically forgotten and to be black under the same circumstances?
Keywords:  ['king', 'economic', 'month', 'white', 'trumps', 'pain', 'look', 'suffering', 'face', 'mirror', 'undone', 'black', 'history']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So right now tax cuts are looking like health care redux: With many years to prepare, Republicans turn out to be completely unready for prime time.
Ryan used to claim that his plans were about reducing the budget deficit, but he has now given up that pretense.
And why should tax cuts even be on the table?
Predictions that tax cuts will lead to rapid economic growth have been wrong time and again.
Most Americans realize that Donald Trump is a very bad president; they need to realize that his party’s congressional leadership is pretty awful, too.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'budget', 'tax', 'cuts', 'caucus', 'deficit', 'donald', 'taxes', 'sign', 'republicans', 'ryan', 'wealthy', 'paul', 'man']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'miami', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'dolphins', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The number of unauthorized immigrants detained far from the border — on the job, at home, in public spaces — more than tripled, to nearly 350,000 from 2007 to 2011, after which Mr. Obama changed tack to focus more narrowly on unauthorized immigrants with criminal records.
The results suggest that in regions where enforcement intensified the most, the wages of American-born workers actually did worse.
Once the dust settles, they may have more jobs at better wages for American workers.
Immigration enforcement has become increasingly severe since Mr. Trump took office.
But American workers might not want to hold their breath as they wait for the great new jobs to appear.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'immigrant', 'labor', 'enforcement', 'study', 'away', 'unauthorized', 'wages', 'work', 'expelling', 'send', 'workers', 'states', 'immigrants', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day in Asia, delivered to your inbox.
View all New York Times newsletters.
[The New York Times]• Thirty people were killed in Myanmar’s Shan State when Kokang rebels attacked a hotel, casinos and police and army posts near the Chinese border.
[The New York Times]• Australian police officers in Queensland saved a British woman who had been held captive by a former boyfriend for months.
Back StoryPhotoToday, for International Women’s Day, let’s see which country tops the list of female representation in Parliament.
Keywords:  ['china', 'morning', 'reading', 'womens', 'times', 'cia', 'country', 'briefing', 'women', 'main', 'day', 'million', 'billion', 'international', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoPresident Trump has nominated a former top Texas environmental regulator, who has argued that carbon dioxide is a harmless gas that should not be regulated, to be the White House senior adviser on environmental policy.
The former regulator, Kathleen Hartnett White, will lead the Council on Environmental Quality if confirmed by the Senate.
Currently she serves as a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a free-market think tank.
This week, Mr. Trump nominated Barry Lee Myers, the chief executive of AccuWeather, a for-profit weather forecasting company, to lead the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Last week, the president nominated Andrew Wheeler, a coal lobbyist, to be deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Keywords:  ['adviser', 'trump', 'week', 'environmental', 'nominated', 'white', 'sign', 'house', 'climate', 'senior', 'names', 'texas', 'regulator', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Another $440 million was moved from existing programs to antimissile work two months ago, as the North Korea threat became more serious.
But in the case of North Korea, it is also the most difficult.
The jets would carry conventional air-to-air missiles, which are 12 feet long, and fire them at the North Korean long-range missiles after they are launched.
But they would have to fly relatively close to North Korea to do that, increasing the chances of being shot down.
“My concern is that we get something out there quickly that will pressure North Korea to negotiate.”
Keywords:  ['strategic', 'launch', 'reading', 'north', 'plans', 'experimenting', 'downing', 'missile', 'korea', 'main', 'defense', 'korean', 'missiles', 'hard']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION Mr. Trump repeatedly vowed that as president he would give up his business.
THE FED Last year, Mr. Trump blasted the Federal Reserve for keeping interest rates low for political purposes.
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK In 2015, Mr. Trump slammed the export financing agency as “featherbedding” for politicians and big corporations.
They can live with what Mr. Trump calls successes, and hope that his interests align enough with theirs to achieve some peripheral benefit.
Or they can press their legislators, and demand from Mr. Trump himself, that he stop spinning and start delivering.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'wall', 'week', 'convictions', 'hes', '10second', 'president', 'white', 'trumps', 'house', 'mr', 'winning', 'workers']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:After the 2016 election, friends reached out to me anguished and astonished about the results.
They couldn’t fathom how any woman could vote for a man who treats women the way Donald Trump does.
Even then I understood why some women may have voted for Mr. Trump — so they could continue to believe that their own experiences of sexual harassment or abuse were really “no big deal.”I did not vote for Mr. Trump.
I am, however, a woman who once believed that my experiences of molestation and harassment were “no big deal.”Turns out, it was a big deal.
So to all the women who have expressed #MeToo and beyond, no matter whom you voted for, I stand with you.
Keywords:  ['sexual', 'experiences', 'trump', 'big', 'harassment', 'voted', 'vote', 'women', 'youkelly', 'mr', 'woman', 'think', 'assault']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Papadopoulos repeatedly tried to arrange a meeting between the Trump campaign and Russian government officials, court records show.
“We are all very excited by the possibility of a good relationship with Mr. Trump,” the woman, who was not identified, told Mr. Papadopoulos in an email.
Mr. Papadopoulos was one of a small group of foreign policy advisers that Mr. Trump announced in March 2016.
in January, as the bureau was investigating connections between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn February, Mr. Papadopoulos deleted his Facebook account, which included his communications with the Russians.
Keywords:  ['adviser', 'trump', 'clinton', 'foreign', 'campaign', 'documents', 'met', 'professor', 'policy', 'russian', 'mr', 'discuss', 'woman', 'papadopoulos', 'dirt']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But those recent woes are not the same as a death spiral, a term used to describe a complete market failure in which premiums spiral upward so only the sickest customers buy coverage.
The law would leave in place many of Obamacare’s rules, which companies say make insurance plans pricey.
Insurance companies tend to shun these areas because medical care is expensive, leading to high premiums.
For now, it looks as if the Republican plan would make the markets less stable in the short term, and possibly make them equally stable, if smaller, 10 years from now.
But if the plan never passes, forecasts of a death spiral may be premature.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'republican', 'isnt', 'states', 'premiums', 'plans', 'insurers', 'market', 'cbo', 'plan', 'death', 'spiral', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  We have an empty majority, a party that can rule but cannot govern.
One possibility is that this is a temporary situation, a transitional moment — that the Republican majority seems uncanny because it is a walking corpse, that Americans vote for Republican politicians out of a Reagan-forged habit that just takes a long time to fully break.
This theory lies behind the plausible comparison, which I’ve cited before, between Donald Trump and Jimmy Carter.
Like Trump, he enjoyed congressional majorities; like Trump (so far) he got nothing done, and his era’s empty majority was the last phase in the old Democratic coalition’s long decline.
A big enough crisis under Trump would probably make the empty majority an ex-majority temporarily.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'majority', 'bushs', 'politics', 'party', 'likely', 'long', 'strange', 'youre']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And we visited Puerto Rico’s storm-ravaged El Yunque, above, the only tropical rain forest in the U.S. forest system.
And the actress Rose McGowan was temporarily blocked from Twitter after posts that criticized the Weinstein Company and Ben Affleck.
_____The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['evening', 'puerto', 'weinstein', 'california', 'young', 'white', 'briefing', 'company', 'forest', 'york', 'deal', 'facebook', 'posted', 'rico', 'clothes']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The events unfolded after Mr. Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday to strengthen the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border.
Mr. Spicer said that the plan for the tax was “taking shape” and that it was “really going to provide the funding” for the wall.
Mr. Spicer said that was a direct reference to the centerpiece of House Republicans’ proposal to overhaul the tax code.
They have been pushing the idea for months, but with little evidence, until Thursday, that Mr. Trump was interested in it.
By siphoning off that revenue, Mr. Trump would make it impossible to reduce the tax rate as far as Republicans wish.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'spicer', 'tax', 'plan', 'sows', 'tensions', 'confusion', 'revenue', 'peña', 'mr', 'united', 'mexico', 'house', 'soar', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump on Tuesday also focused his fire again on Jemele Hill, the “SportsCenter” host on ESPN who previously called the president a white supremacist.
“With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have ‘tanked,’ in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter.
He has enthusiastically kept up his attacks on the N.F.L., with which he has a long history of antagonism.
A onetime owner of the New Jersey Generals in the upstart United States Football League, Mr. Trump persuaded other owners to sue the N.F.L.
spokesman, said the league receives no “massive” tax breaks, as Mr. Trump contended.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'teams', 'anthem', 'hill', 'league', 'nfl', 'jemele', 'million', 'espn', 'taxexempt', 'mr', 'threatens', 'ratings', 'attacks', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'playoffs', 'orleans', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  China’s tightening grip over dataThe Chinese government’s control over its country’s internet access has also increased.
The Washington tax fly-aroundWSJ: Mr. Trump asserts that the average American household would save $4,000 under his plan.
One board member, Lance Maerov, acknowledged that the Weinstein Company knew of settlements, but that it had assumed they were for consensual affairs.
After the episode, Mr. Maerov said, Mr. Weinstein refused to let the board review his personnel file directly.
What’s next for the Weinstein Company?
Keywords:  ['tax', 'business', 'weinstein', 'financial', 'tightening', 'dealbook', 'tech', 'briefing', 'company', 'chinas', 'grip', 'mr', 'national', 'giants', 'trading', 'banking', 'board']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I’m even open to the possibility that by just tipping over all these accords at once, and throwing away his steering wheel, Trump will get people to improve the Iran deal or Obamacare out of sheer panic at the chaos that might ensue if they don’t.
Can we stabilize Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan — post-ISIS — and keep our troop presence low and safe, without Iran’s help — and will that help be coming after Trump rips up the nuclear deal?
Trump came into office vowing to end the trade imbalance with China — a worthy goal.
Trump just ripped up the TPP to “satisfy the base” and is now left begging China for trade crumbs, with little leverage.
And because he needs China’s help in dealing with North Korea, he has even less leverage on trade.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'china', 'help', 'doctrine', 'north', 'deal', 'trade', 'try', 'iran', 'climate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But Democrats cannot bear to look in the mirror and admit what is wrong.
Democrats are going to have to come up with something for people to be for, rather than just counting on Trump to implode.
In dwindling swing districts, Emanuel told me, Democrats need to choose candidates who are pro-middle class, not merely pro-poor.
Whereas Donald had us saying ‘Make America Great Again.’ ”Ryan says Democrats need to stop microtargeting.
But the Democrats are nuts if they think his crazy is enough to save them.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'democrats', 'skunks', 'reading', 'win', 'donald', 'sign', 'need', 'republicans', 'ryan', 'told', 'emanuel']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
‘Like Saying You Worked With Scaramucci Forever’President Trump suggested on Thursday that U.S. troops may soon have to leave hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico.
Seth Meyers responded with indignation.
“Following the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, President Trump tweeted this morning that the White House cannot keep FEMA, the military and first responders in Puerto Rico ‘forever.’ Forever?
That’s like saying you worked with Scaramucci forever.” — SETH MEYERS “Look, we can afford to keep troops in Puerto Rico until long after you’ve left the White House — maybe even until Christmas.” — SETH MEYERSLater in the show, Mr. Meyers did an extended segment on what he said were similarities between Mr. Trump and Harvey Weinstein.
Keywords:  ['cant', 'trump', 'puerto', 'forever', 'white', 'seth', 'pulling', 'worked', 'meyers', 'mr', 'talking', 'troops', 'rico', 'believe']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “How do you develop a model for the thoughts of the Trump administration on what they’re going to do policywise in health care?”In theory, the bare market problem shouldn’t be a big worry.
Humana Anthem Another single insurer More than one insurer Counties with only one insurance carrier in 2017.
That kind of outreach is not happening in the Trump administration so far.
Officials at Covered California, the California state marketplace, produced a white paper outlining a series of options to fix the problem of so-called bare counties.
Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the state currently at greatest risk of bare counties, has introduced a bill that would create options for customers shut out of their Obamacare market.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'bare', 'state', 'health', 'places', 'insurer', 'insurers', 'administration', 'happens', 'market', 'counties', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  ”We’re making a grave mistake including this Planned Parenthood provision in a health care bill,” he said.
“We will give everyone access to affordable health care coverage,” Mr. Ryan said in early December when asked if Republicans had a plan to cover everyone.
But that discipline has broken down as lawmakers hear from constituents terrified of losing insurance and as Mr. Trump weighs in.
“We will never win the battle with liberals if you measure success in terms of how many people have health insurance cards.
“It would be very hard to maintain the levels of insurance coverage we have now without the penalties and subsidies.”
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'health', 'lawmakers', 'law', 'repeal', 'agonize', 'coverage', 'lose', 'mr', 'republicans', 'private', 'insurance', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  After President Trump announced a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan on Monday, the photo editors on our International desk turned to our archives.
“I know that he’s been president for seven months, but seeing Donald Trump making military decisions is still weird for me,” Trevor Noah said.
_____The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['evening', 'trump', 'war', 'womens', 'storm', 'yemen', 'president', 'vs', 'briefing', 'posted', 'twitter', 'mcconnell', 'afghanistan']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Then on Thursday morning, Mr. Trump fired back, warning that he might cancel the meeting himself if Mexico did not agree to pay for the wall.
By early afternoon, Mr. Trump said it was the United States that was being treated unfairly.
“We have agreed to cancel our planned meeting,” Mr. Trump said in a new conference Thursday afternoon.
In Mexico, Mr. Peña Nieto had little political room to maneuver.
With Mr. Trump’s order to build the wall, the perceived insults Mexico had endured during the campaign had finally turned into action.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'cancels', 'meeting', 'war', 'wall', 'president', 'trumps', 'continue', 'mexicos', 'peña', 'mr', 'mexican', 'mexico', 'nieto']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It has long been known that Fusion GPS was first hired by Republicans, but it was not known who was the source of the funding.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storySpeculation had circulated for months that Mr. Singer was involved in the dossier, but his allies had denied that.
On Friday, an associate said Mr. Singer had not been aware of the dossier or Mr. Steele’s involvement in Fusion GPS’s research until January, when BuzzFeed published the dossier.
Mr. Singer was among the leading Republican critics of Mr. Trump during the Republican presidential primary race.
Even after Mr. Singer’s first choice, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, dropped out of the race, Mr. Singer continued to fund efforts to block Mr. Trump from the party’s nomination.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'later', 'funded', 'singer', 'fusion', 'firm', 'antitrump', 'research', 'gps', 'free', 'mr', 'website', 'work', 'committee', 'dossier', 'produced', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  COMBAT STIGMA Misunderstanding of opioid addiction shrouds nearly every effort to reduce its toll.
SUPPORT MEDICATION-ASSISTED TREATMENT One of the most effective methods of treating drug addiction is through continuing medication therapies like methadone, naltrexone and buprenorphine.
The Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 prohibits insurers that cover behavioral health from providing less-favorable benefits for mental health and addiction treatment than they offer for other medical therapies or surgery.
Strategies like “recovery high schools” for at-risk adolescents, safe injection sites and whole-family treatment programs are still being studied and debated.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storySome have contrasted the national compassion toward the mainly white victims of opioid addiction and the government’s punishing response to the crack epidemic that devastated black communities.
Keywords:  ['addiction', 'drug', 'treatment', '8step', 'federal', 'health', 'mental', 'opioid', 'work', 'programs', 'program', 'states', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Cordray named Ms. English as his acting deputy director and presumed acting director.
The White House responded forcefully by saying Mr. Mulvaney would be in control until Mr. Trump decided on a permanent successor, whose confirmation could take months.
Established under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act and adopting an aggressive agenda under the Obama administration, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau targets financial companies for practices that it considers unfair or abusive.
On Saturday, Mr. Trump publicly offered his thoughts on the agency’s performance.
“The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick,” he wrote on Twitter.
Keywords:  ['protection', 'acting', 'mulvaney', 'trump', 'ms', 'law', 'lead', 'financial', 'consumer', 'bureau', 'bosses', 'white', 'mr', 'agency', 'director']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  WASHINGTON — President Trump, at loggerheads with congressional Republicans over the best way to overhaul the tax code, may have come toward Capitol Hill on a key sticking point, the way imports should be taxed, after a meeting at the White House on Thursday, said Representative Kevin Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.
Congressional Republicans are trying to nudge Mr. Trump away from one of his big campaign promises: a 35 percent tariff on any product made by an American company at an overseas factory, then imported into the United States market.
“Like us, they’re just not satisfied with a tax code today that favors foreign products over U.S. products, and I think they are looking carefully at ending that ‘made in America’ export tax so that we can compete around the world,” Mr. Brady, Republican of Texas, said of the Trump administration.
The conversation with Mr. Trump also focused on trade and renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Brady’s plan would also essentially levy a 20 percent tax on all imports, to create revenue and spur domestic production and exports — a notion Mr. Trump has said is overly complicated.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'lawmakers', 'ways', 'white', 'brady', 'donald', 'house', 'republicans', 'mr', 'imports', 'code', 'confer', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Perhaps the biggest question mark swirling around Mr. Powell is that he is not a trained economist.
In some ways, the choice of Mr. Powell shouldn’t be too surprising.
As a highly leveraged real estate developer, Mr. Trump benefited enormously from low interest rates.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyFor those and other reasons, I would have preferred that Mr. Trump reappoint the current chairman, Janet Yellen.
But at least, for once, Mr. Trump has rejected both traditional Republican conservatives as well as his populist base and made a sensible choice.
Keywords:  ['jerome', 'trump', 'bank', 'reading', 'choice', 'interest', 'right', 'powell', 'makes', 'today', 'sign', 'mr', 'shocking', 'rates', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoAlex Jones, the conspiracist at the helm of the alt-news outlet InfoWars, used an unusual defense in a custody hearing in Texas last week.
His ex-wife had accused him of being unstable and dangerous, citing Mr. Jones’s rants on his daily call-in show.
Many of his liberal critics have since asked whether Mr. Jones’s devoted fans will abandon him now that he has essentially admitted to being a fraud.
Alex Jones’s audience adores him because of his artifice, not in spite of it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyTo a wrestling audience, the fake and the real coexist peacefully.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'jones', 'explains', 'world', 'audience', 'donald', 'joness', 'sign', 'understand', 'wrestlers', 'emotional', 'mr', 'alex', 'wrestling', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Both Obamacare and the recent Republican replacement proposal use refundable tax credits to help people buy their health insurance.
The Republican plan hands out tax credits on a flat basis, according to age.
The winners are likely to be younger, earn higher incomes and live in areas where the cost of health insurance is low.
That's why many policy experts believe that the new system would result in fewer Americans having health insurance.
Tax credits in the Republican plan
Keywords:  ['tax', 'republican', 'health', 'loses', 'plan', 'subsidies', 'wins', 'age', 'republicans', 'credits', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (Mr. Stewart used a far stronger word beginning with “b.”)Mr. Stewart then read a third executive order of greater length:I, Donald J. Trump, am exhausting.
The reason that I, Donald J. Trump, am exhausting is that every instinct and fiber of my pathological self-regard calls me to abuse of power.
And if we do not allow Donald Trump to exhaust our fight and somehow come through this presidency calamity-less and constitutionally partially intact, then I, Donald J. Trump, will have demonstrated the greatness of America.
And in a lengthy, passionate, desk-side monologue, Mr. Stewart had gone after Fox News and its hosts like Sean Hannity, who he felt had been too deferential to Mr. Trump during the campaign.
Who, by the way, is totally overrated.”In a CBS interview shortly after the presidential election, Mr. Stewart said that Mr. Trump was “not a Republican,” but a “repudiation of Republicans.”“But they will reap the benefit of his victory,” Mr. Stewart said.
Keywords:  ['savages', 'trump', 'jon', 'republican', 'chaos', 'vindictive', 'j', 'purposeful', 'stewart', 'exhausting', 'donald', 'going', 'mr', 'youre', 'presidency']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  During the campaign Trump got away with this in part because of slovenly, craven media, but also because of persistent misperceptions.
The interesting question now is whether fake carnage can be replaced by fake non-carnage.
How many people can be convinced that things are getting better under the Trump-Putin administration even as they actually get worse?
Crime is less clear, since we really don’t know why it fell.
The truth is that I don’t know.
Keywords:  ['things', 'trump', 'carnage', 'worse', 'wont', 'uninsured', 'actually', 'dont', 'unemployment', 'know', 'work', 'opposite']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWhen all else fails, the National Football League has always been able to market its product as an escape — from all that.
But things took a surprising turn Saturday morning, with condemnations of Trump from the normally cautious — and Trump-friendly — fellowship of N.F.L.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAbout two years ago, I began researching a book about the precarious entertainment dynasty of the National Football League, a project that happened to coincide with Trump’s bull rush on the White House.
Midway through both, it became clear that Trump had seized on many of the formulas that the N.F.L.
have thrived in recent years by fashioning politics and sports, respectively, as a kind of real-life reality show.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'trials', 'football', 'politics', 'league', 'nfl', 'white', 'brought', 'respite', 'national', 'wars', 'weekend']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  While the Obama administration had pushed large, mandatory experiments to test new models of pay, the Trump administration wants to encourage smaller, voluntary programs — and has asked the doctors to help design them.
The formal “request for information” proposed, among other potential changes, allowing doctors and hospitals to contract directly with Medicare patients.
are a renunciation of the Obama administration in particular.
“Many experiments that the Obama administration launched were overly micromanaged,” said Grace-Marie Turner, an opponent of the health law and president of the Galen Institute, a research center that advocates free-market health policies.
“They’ve confused people,” said Mr. Gronniger, now a senior vice president at Caravan Health, which helps health care providers shift to value-based payment models.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'medicare', 'challenges', 'payment', 'health', 'doctors', 'consensus', 'quality', 'costs', 'administration', 'obama', 'services', 'reducing', 'mr', 'care', 'agency']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Iran said on Saturday that it would stop American citizens from entering the country, in retaliation for Mr. Trump’s order.
One of the most celebrated examples is the so-called Ping-Pong diplomacy that helped foster the relationship between the United States and China in the 1970s.
In wrestling, the United States, Iran, Cuba and Russia banded together in 2013 to persuade the I.O.C.
She said on Saturday that she was frustrated by Mr. Trump’s decision.
players, Thon Maker and Luol Deng, were born in Sudan, one of the seven countries listed in Mr. Trump’s executive order.
Keywords:  ['order', 'immigration', 'trump', 'world', 'big', 'los', 'trumps', 'mr', 'united', 'iran', 'bid', 'impact', 'states', 'wrestling']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “The Trump Voter Paradox” (Op-Ed, nytimes.com, Sept. 28):Thomas B. Edsall cites scholars positing the idea that Trump supporters have low tolerance for views that contradict their community values.
The problem arises when these values are wrong.
But these people vote, and when they join with others with like beliefs, a result is a disaster like Donald Trump.
If this happened in a small inconsequential country, the potential for damage to the world would be minimal.
But this has occurred in the most powerful country in the world, where our misguided policies will affect hundreds of millions of people and threaten civilization.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'values', 'world', 'community', 'wrongfor', 'vote', 'country', 'large', 'writ', 'join', 'voters', 'voter', 'wish']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  WASHINGTON — Puerto Rico would get substantial debt relief and other new aid to help it recover from destruction inflicted by Hurricanes Irma and Maria in September, under legislation unveiled on Tuesday by leading liberals in the U.S. Senate.
Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent, and Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat, called for a new "emergency credit facility" of up to $57.2 billion for Puerto Rico and $5 billion for the Virgin Islands, according to a summary of the bill.
The bill would also extend the deadline for individuals to apply for assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
The legislation cannot advance without the support of Republicans, who hold a slim majority in the Senate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyCongressional Republicans and the Trump administration have approved some $51 billion in aid to the U.S. territories of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and U.S. states hit by hurricanes and wildfires, with a new round expected to be approved in December.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'islands', 'hurricanes', 'steps', 'recovery', 'approved', 'virgin', 'liberals', 'senate', 'republicans', 'billion', 'propose', 'emergency', 'rico', 'legislation']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThe central question to ask about President Trump’s latest travel ban, which he issued on Sunday, is: Will it make Americans safer?
Starting Oct. 18, the United States will permanently bar entry to most citizens of seven countries — Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Chad and North Korea.
Meanwhile, no citizen from the barred countries has carried out a fatal terrorist attack in the United States in the past two decades.
That’s in part because the “extreme vetting” that Mr. Trump and his anti-immigration cabal have been hawking was already the law of the land.
The United States subjects visa applicants to some of the most thorough and rigorous scrutiny in the world.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'north', 'states', 'ban', 'united', 'weve', 'sign', 'countries', 'venezuela', 'seen', 'vetting', 'travel', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  who also spoke on behalf of Ms. Adcock, said she had not violated her ethics agreement by meeting with her former industry allies.
From 2010 to early this year, Ms. Adcock and Ms. Bray lobbied together for CropLife, which represents Syngenta and Monsanto, among other pesticide makers.
Ms. Bray confirmed that the group had discussed regulations about the use of pesticides near water.
Discussing policy related to the impact of pesticides on water is deemed off limits under Ms. Adcock’s ethics agreement.
In July, Ms. Adcock met with a delegation from Farm Credit, according to a participant.
Keywords:  ['croplife', 'pesticide', 'lobbyists', 'door', 'ms', 'meeting', 'agreement', 'adcock', 'bray', 'usda', 'mr', 'open', 'teams', 'ethics']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And Ms. Briskman was referred to online as a “She-ro.”By Monday morning, Oct. 30, Ms. Briskman had affixed the image on her Facebook and Twitter accounts.
But she decided it would be a good idea to mention it to a human resources official at her employer.
“I went in and I said: ‘Have you heard about the bike woman?’” Ms. Briskman said.
The human resources official said no.
Ms. Briskman said she was later encouraged by the human resources official to submit a resignation because it would be easier to get future work.
Keywords:  ['ms', 'akima', 'finger', 'human', 'resources', 'middle', 'job', 'image', 'trumps', 'ethical', 'motorcade', 'mr', 'briskman', 'standards', 'cyclist', 'lost', 'official', 'raising']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Senate rejected a third Republican proposal to repeal the Affordable Care Act early Friday morning.
Repeal and replace amendment Procedural vote failed on Tuesday Vote expected later Yes No Republicans 43 9 Democrats 0 48 Total 43 57 Obamacare Repeal and Reconciliation Act 2.
“Skinny” repeal amendment Voted failed on Friday Vote expected later Yes No Republicans 49 3 Democrats 0 48 Total 49 51Three Republicans Voted No on “Skinny” RepealJohn McCain of Arizona cast the decisive vote that caused the amendment to fail.
Republican senators arranged by their ideology scores Republican senators arranged by their ideology scores ← Less conservative More conservative → Note: Ideology measurements are based on DW-NOMINATE scores, which are based on Congressional votes.
Republican senators arranged by their ideology scores ← Less conservative More conservative → Note: Ideology measurements are based on DW-NOMINATE scores, which are based on Congressional votes.
Keywords:  ['amendment', 'voted', 'health', 'repeal', 'vote', 'ideology', 'scores', 'act', 'senator', 'proposals', 'republicans', 'care', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['trump', 'drinks', '2017', 'erupts', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'twitter', 'performers', 'great', 'water']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Richards said the vast majority of the new play’s reviews were favorable, but noted that a few — including one from The New York Times’s Jesse Green — were not.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
In “Building the Wall,” Gloria, a history professor, interviews a former security officer named Rick in 2019.
Mr. Trump has been exiled after a terrorist event prompted him to declare martial law and place Muslims and Mexicans and other groups in containment camps, which devolve into killing chambers.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'called', 'wall', 'close', 'life', 'timess', 'imagines', 'times', 'season', 'schenkkan', 'sign', 'building', 'mr', 'play', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyExperts say that Ghana, like other developing countries, is ill prepared to address a looming health crisis.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
[The New York Times]• In Puerto Rico, the social fabric has held despite much chaos and deprivation, and crime has not spiked.
[The New York Times]• A German woman who followed her husband to Syria to join the Islamic State discusses her fate now as a prisoner in Iraq.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['state', 'catalonia', 'morning', 'reading', 'say', 'times', 'uber', 'fence', 'briefing', 'main', 'sign', 'continue', 'las', 'islamic', 'vegas', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  A ribbon of trees, which stood out cloudy green against the fractal red desert, seemed to corroborate its story.
Except that, as I passed over the river’s otherwise imposing bridge, the view turned grim.
If I thought about arroyos at all, it was as the sketchy blank spots on the map where teenagers would sneak cigarettes.
What remained, after years of periodic deluges and droughts, was a landscape cleansed of any sense of plainness or constancy.
As I struggled upriver, the differences between wet and dry rivers now seemed coyly superficial.
Keywords:  ['arroyos', 'recommendation', 'san', 'view', 'way', 'rivers', 'desert', 'landscape', 'letter', 'water', 'river', 'dry']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump blindsided the Republican leaders, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who were pressing for an 18-month deal.
Republicans complained that Mr. Trump had empowered the Democrats and made it harder to come up with longer-term fiscal legislation in December.
Mr. Trump this week rescinded Mr. Obama’s program protecting immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as minors on the grounds that it went beyond a president’s authority.
Watching on the sidelines were Republicans stewing at a president of their own party schmoozing with “Chuck and Nancy,” as Mr. Trump called them.
Mr. Trump and his wife, Melania Trump, invited every Cabinet member and their spouses and he will convene the fourth session with the group of his presidency on Saturday.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'democrats', 'wall', 'lashes', 'congressional', 'voted', 'come', 'republicans', 'death', 'wish', 'deal', 'mr', 'work', 'legislation', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAs is so often the case with Mr. Trump, the facts are not on his side.
Illegal immigration to the United States has been on a downward trend in recent years, even as spending on border security has soared.
Meanwhile, border security funding has increased from $263 million in 1990 to $3.8 billion in 2015.
Mr. Trump would add significantly to that spending.
Mr. Trump ordered federal agencies to tally the foreign aid Mexico receives from the United States, which seems like a threat to withhold future assistance for initiatives such as narcotics enforcement and judicial programs.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'cost', 'wall', 'border', 'real', 'funding', 'trumps', 'sign', 'mr', 'trying', 'security', 'spending', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The harshest lines of questioning Ms. Nielsen faced at Wednesday’s hearing came from Democrats.
Ms. Nielsen replied that although she had never led a large organization, she was up to the task.
Mr. Kelly pushed hard for her selection, making a personal appeal to Mr. Trump during a monthslong search for a replacement.
Nielsen has been engaged in counterterrorism, all-hazard risk mitigation, critical infrastructure protection and response policy from the earliest days of what we now know as homeland security,” they wrote in a letter to the Senate Homeland Security Committee.
“She has never had executive management experience and she may not have a lot of experience in dealing with domestic law enforcement and terrorism issues,” Mr. Cohen said.
Keywords:  ['amid', 'trump', 'ms', 'homeland', 'democrats', 'defends', 'pick', 'nielsen', 'law', 'responsible', 'experience', 'questions', 'mr', 'enforcement', 'security', 'response']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  My question went as follows:Some research shows that Republicans, and Trump voters in particular, score high on measures of authoritarianism and on critical, if not hostile, views of African-Americans and immigrants.
Jonathan Haidt, a social psychologist at N.Y.U.’s Stern School of Business, raised a crucial if obvious point: Primary season Trump voters do not represent all Republican voters.
We can’t really know, just on the basis of this paper, whether these traits apply to Trump voters.
These activists have become “the template of the stereotype of Trump voters,” he wrote.
And the clout of the authoritarian, white identity wing of the Republican Party is such that Trump is governing to please this wing first and foremost.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'primary', 'republican', 'conscientiousness', 'paradox', 'authoritarian', 'white', 'high', 'party', 'voters', 'voter', 'think']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But his legislative agenda has been standard establishment-Republican fare — spending cuts to pay for upper-bracket tax cuts, rinse, repeat.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
But on most issues Trump’s promised war with the establishment has been fizzling almost from day one.
No, he’s at war with the institutions that surround him because he behaves consistently erratically and inappropriately and dangerously, and perhaps criminally as well.
You don’t want to sell him out to the establishment; I get it.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'establishment', 'world', 'war', 'hes', 'sellout', 'donald', 'sign', 'trumps', 'trying', 'promised', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “It’s going to undermine the Trump administration’s effort to build solidarity among the U.S., Japan, and Korea to put pressure not only on North Korea, but on China to do more on North Korea,” said Michael J.
PhotoIn restoring better relations with South Korea, Mr. Xi appeared to have decided that he could afford to blink.
In warming up to South Korea, Mr. Xi probably recognized that Mr.
PhotoIndeed, the rapprochement between China and South Korea carries risks for the United States.
China is by far the biggest trading partner of South Korea; two-way trade is bigger than South Korea’s trade with the United States and Japan combined.
Keywords:  ['nice', 'south', 'china', 'relations', 'north', 'states', 'blinks', 'korea', 'thaad', 'mr', 'united', 'making', 'moon', 'hostilities']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But one primary objective of many of the stories circulating on the right seems clear: to discredit Mr. Mueller and his inquiry to the point that Americans come to see it as the partisan witch hunt Mr. Trump insists that it is.
had been looking into evidence around that time — when Mr. Mueller was at the F.B.I.
Why Mr. Hannity believes Mrs. Clinton should be indicted is unclear.
Then, hinting at his true motive for stopping the special counsel entirely, Mr. Stone said on Monday that Mr. Mueller could not continue on if his activities while he was F.B.I.
“The swamp,” Mr. Posobiec added, “is trying very hard to smear President Trump, to drag him down into it.
Keywords:  ['emerges', 'widens', 'uranium', 'clintons', 'clinton', 'russia', 'trump', 'alternative', 'campaign', 'mueller', 'president', 'narrative', 'inquiry', 'mrs', 'mr', 'indictments', 'media', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  A 7.1 magnitude earthquake on Tuesday killed more than 155 people in Mexico City and toppled dozens of buildings.
A building severely damaged in the Portales Norte neighborhood of Mexico City.
Mexico’s National Center for Disaster Prevention, Cenapred, has recruited engineers and architects to inspect structures around the city.
Early Assessment of the Structures Affected by the Earthquake Collapsed or major damage Requested inspection MEXICO Mexico City EPICENTER MEXICO Mexico City International Airport Autopista Mexico-Puebla Mexico City 2 MILES MEXICO Mexico City EPICENTER Mexico City MEXICO 5 MILES By The New York Times | Source: Cenapred; Atlas Nacional de RiesgosBefore and After All sorts of buildings were destroyed across the city — new and old, commercial and residential.
CenapredMany other structures suffered damage to their facades, like the commercial building below, in the Juárez neighborhood, near Mexico City’s historic center.
Keywords:  ['structures', 'damage', 'valle', 'buildings', 'building', 'mexico', 'neighborhood', 'google', 'earthquake', 'city', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania found that plans with more narrow networks systematically excluded oncologists affiliated with higher-quality cancer centers.
Though only 39 percent of plans had very narrow networks of primary care physicians — covering less than 10 percent of those in their markets — 57 percent of plans had very narrow networks of psychiatrists.
And parents might have no idea until a child is ill.“A beneficiary needing more specialized care may only then discover the less attractive features of their health plan,” Mr. Polsky said.
And these resources can’t overcome another challenge some people face — a lack of access to broad network plans.
Insurers that wish to offer narrow network plans could be required to also offer broad network ones.
Keywords:  ['narrow', 'doctors', 'health', 'pick', 'plan', 'plans', 'quality', 'consumers', 'study', 'network', 'networks', 'kept', 'having', 'provide', 'dark']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoA ballistic missile and signs mocking President Trump were on display on the streets of Tehran on Saturday as thousands of Iranians gathered for the anniversary of the 1979 seizure of the United States Embassy.
The commemoration, always a forum for the airing of anti-American sentiment, took on new vitriol this year, directed at President Trump.
PhotoFifty-two American diplomats and support personnel were held hostage for 444 days in the takeover, which has shaped the two countries’ relationship ever since.
Tensions have flared in recent weeks as President Trump disavowed the Iran nuclear deal and denounced the country's influence in the Middle East.
PhotoIn an address to the crowd, Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, denounced American foreign policy, according to Iranian state-run news outlet Press TV.
Keywords:  ['marks', 'trump', 'weeks', 'iranians', 'words', 'embassy', 'nuclear', 'president', 'american', 'bashing', 'denounced', 'deal', 'takeover', 'iran', 'missile', 'tehran']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I’m not usually accused of rooting for Donald Trump but I am truly praying he doesn’t go down that route.
It’s such an epic institutional failure that it calls everything we thought we knew about this country’s stability into question.
Michelle: Well, I’m proud of a piece I wrote for Slate last year about a really sad situation in Twin Falls, Idaho.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMichelle: No, I think there are about five that I haven’t been to, including Wyoming.
You’re going to have a lot of adventures, and I’ll want a full report over drinks in Wyoming.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'columnist', 'im', 'times', 'youre', 'piece', 'slate', 'sign', 'age', 'restrictions', 'lot', 'think', 'wyoming']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Interests that spent millions of dollars studying Washington and shaping it to their liking had been taken totally by surprise by Trump’s win.
‘‘There are just so few people in Washington who know the president,’’ Lewandowski told me in February.
But there were plenty of takers: By midwinter, Avenue had ‘‘more than a dozen, less than 50’’ clients, Lewandowski told me at the time.
as the go-to foreign lobbying and advisory firm in Trump’s Washington.
A Korean trade association wanted help planning a conference in Washington but didn’t know anyone in the Trump White House.
Keywords:  ['lewandowski', 'trump', 'lobbying', 'rich', 'stryk', 'president', 'clients', 'white', 'washington', 'trumps', 'told']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  That series of memos detailed unverified accounts of the Trump campaign coordinating with Russian officials during the election, as well as more salacious encounters between Mr. Trump and Russian prostitutes.
Moreover, Fusion GPS was first hired by The Washington Free Beacon, a conservative website, in 2015 to conduct research on several Republicans, including Mr. Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWith no evidence, Mr. Trump said the “Obama campaign” paid Fusion GPS.
As news broke of the indictments, Mr. Trump sought to link Mr. Obama with Fusion GPS and the dossier.
Mr. Trump is confusing several things in his tweet.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'clinton', 'fusion', 'campaign', 'obama', 'research', 'gps', 'russian', 'mr', 'papadopoulos', 'claims', 'indictments', 'counters', 'inaccurate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Former Trump Aides Charged as Prosecutors Reveal New Campaign Ties With Russia Video President Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, has been charged with tax fraud and money laundering.
Mr. Mueller and his team are investigating whether anyone close to Mr. Trump participated in that effort.
Mr. Manafort’s Ukraine lobbying “ended in 2014, two years before Mr. Manafort served in the Trump campaign,” Mr.
Mr. Trump called Mr. Papadopoulos an “excellent guy” when he announced his foreign policy team in March 2016.
With the charges against Mr. Manafort, Mr. Mueller has taken a broad view of his mandate.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'aides', 'prosecutors', 'court', 'russia', 'ties', 'campaign', 'mueller', 'reveal', 'charged', 'fbi', 'russian', 'mr', 'papadopoulos', 'york', 'manafort']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Can’t Get in ‘Formation’On “The Daily Show,” Trevor Noah waxed incredulous that Republicans who have been trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act for seven years don’t have a replacement bill they can agree on.
After watching them unveil their American Health Care Act, Mr. Noah says they could learn from a couple of modern masters of behind-the-curtain preparation.
“You know, it’s weird to be living in a world where musicians put more planning into their work than politicians.
I have the Electoral College!’ And then they explained to him, that’s not how it works.” — TREVOR NOAHNo Plan BHere’s what other hosts had to say about the difficulties that Republicans had passing health care legislation.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'drake', 'learn', 'health', 'plan', 'jimmy', 'noah', 'late', 'republicans', 'know', 'trevor', 'beyoncé', 'night', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The tax bill unveiled by House leaders is a bit different.
It does have some good ideas lurking in it, like reduced tax breaks for second homes and sports stadiums.
This is a hastily compiled bill — lacking the thoughtfulness of the Reagan tax reform, for example — and its main purpose is to benefit the wealthy.
It would harm many middle-class and low-income families in the short term and the vast majority of families in the long term.
Republican leaders have signaled that they will try to rush through a bill.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'bills', 'tax', 'health', 'leaders', 'term', 'unpopular', 'deserves', 'main', 'middleclass', 'die', 'families']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  At 8:07 a.m. MSNBC: Manafort “NYT: Paul Manafort and Fmr.
Authorities” CNN: Manafort “CNN: Paul Manafort to Turn Himself In To FBI Today” FOX: Clinton Investigation “Trump Urges Investigation of Dems, Clinton”President Donald Trump is an avid viewer of Fox News and its morning program “Fox & Friends,” which is seen as offering more favorable coverage of the administration than other news outlets.
First Hour of Coverage Covering the indictments FOX 25 mins.
First Hour of Coverage Covering the indictments FOX 25 mins.
In its morning coverage, Fox played down the indictment news in two ways.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'fox', 'msnbc', 'friends', 'covering', 'coverage', 'loves', 'gates', 'cnn', 'heres', 'indictments', 'rick', 'paul', 'manafort']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Trump uses the term to describe anything he doesn’t like, a habit now picked up by political liars everywhere.
As a judge, he was removed from the bench — twice — for lawless acts that follow his theocratic view of governance.
Now only a handful of states require proficiency in civics as a condition of high school graduation.
More than a dozen states now require high school students to pass the immigrant citizenship test.
We should also teach kids how to tell fake news from real, as some schools in Europe are doing.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'states', 'religion', 'moore', 'high', 'test', 'stupid', 'sign', 'civics', 'students', 'pass']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But for the more than three million teachers who claim the deduction, it’s still money.
By the second week of school, Ms. Oliver said, she begins discreetly handing out notebooks and folders so that students who cannot afford them avoid embarrassment.
Principals of high-poverty schools spent more than double the amount that principals of low-poverty schools spent.
Teachers in the survey spent an average of $530 of their own money in the same categories, with teachers in high-poverty schools spending nearly 40 percent more.
Courtney Hawkes, a middle school art teacher in North Carolina, started reaching out to companies to donate art supplies this year.
Keywords:  ['explains', 'money', 'ms', 'tax', 'benefits', 'small', '250', 'spent', 'principals', 'housesenate', 'deduction', 'teachers', 'break', 'school', 'taxes', 'divide']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAlso, um, Power Rangers.
“Because a Goodyear Semirigid Dirigible doesn’t roll off the tongue,” Eddie Ogden, the company’s airship historian, said about sticking with the term.
Spirit of Innovation was the first Goodyear blimp to be named by the public, in a contest won by Matthew Harrelson, a high-school teacher, in 2006.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“It was easy to connect Goodyear and innovation,” Mr. Harrelson said.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'goodyear', 'let', 'reading', 'power', 'briefing', 'rangers', 'donald', 'innovation', 'main', 'semirigid', 'blimps', 'harrelson', 'blimp', 'london', 'dirigible']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (Want to get California Today by email?
But if this is goodbye for now to California, at least it’s bound to be a good one.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state).
View all New York Times newsletters.
Q. and A.: Xavier BecerraPhotoLast week, we solicited reader questions to pass along to California’s new attorney general, Xavier Becerra.
Keywords:  ['adele', 'xavier', 'grammys', 'reading', 'california', 'times', 'vs', 'today', 'main', 'sign', 'email', 'beyoncé', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “I remember her husband,” Dr. Hollier said, and she wiped her eyes at the memory.
“You can’t die from a pregnancy when you’re not pregnant,” Dr. Hollier noted.
Within the U.S., California has done an outstanding job cutting maternal deaths and showing what is possible.
A crucial step is careful counting of maternal deaths and investigation of each one to learn what could have been done differently.
Obamacare helped tackle maternal mortality by expanding insurance coverage and by making contraception free.
Keywords:  ['let', 'reading', 'pregnant', 'mortality', 'maternal', 'hollier', 'texas', 'women', 'sign', 'die', 'dr', 'deaths', 'love', 'moms', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Like earlier repeal efforts, the new plan would also repeal the individual mandate to purchase insurance and get rid of certain subsidies for out-of-pocket health expenses.
The Cassidy-Graham bill would repeal the expansion of Medicaid coverage to poor adults and cancel subsidies that help middle-income Americans afford insurance.
Beginning in 2020, states would get block grants they could use to replicate the Affordable Care Act programs, if they wanted to, or develop their own health care plans.
In the latest version of the Cassidy-Graham bill, states represented by senators who have been on the fence, including Alaska and Maine, would receive more money than under the current law.
Under the revised bill, states would not have to preserve some of the Affordable Care Act’s insurance regulations if they did not want to.
Keywords:  ['efforts', 'bill', 'republican', 'health', 'ways', 'repeal', 'differs', 'plan', 'affordable', 'block', 'change', 'insurance', 'care', 'past', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Now, Senate Republicans have attached a provision to their $1.5 trillion tax cut that would repeal the health law’s mandate that most Americans have health insurance or pay a penalty.
The new plan, offered by Optima Health, has premiums of $3,158 a month — about $37,900 a year — and an annual deductible of $9,200.
The Dixons would need to spend $14,400 a year for certain health care services before Optima would begin to pay.
“We are not asking for free health insurance.
“When I saw the insurance prices for 2018, my initial instinct was to try and go back to my previous employer,” Mr. Dixon said.
Keywords:  ['pay', 'dixon', 'health', 'soaring', 'optima', 'premiums', 'costs', 'month', 'middleclass', 'virginia', 'confront', 'families', 'mr', 'insurance', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Timothy Riordan must decide whether to break the sanctity of confession to inform on narcos.
As with Greene’s novel 69 years ago, “Some Rise by Sin” ends in violence.
Caputo, author of the 1977 Vietnam memoir “A Rumor of War,” has, in effect, written two novels here.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“Some Rise by Sin” takes place in the immediate past; a child abuse scandal involving another priest plugs into contemporary concerns.
The past transgressions that prefigure Riordan’s potential breach of confession — notably, lying in court regarding the pederast priest — have a slight sense of character backfill conducted by numbers.
Keywords:  ['riordan', 'world', 'drug', 'war', 'plot', 'sin', 'dilemma', 'seal', 'confession', 'riordans', 'violent', 'mexicos', 'priests', 'priest', 'novel', 'philip', 'rise', 'past']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  At expensive research universities like Stanford and Harvard, the new tax bills could swamp graduate-student stipends.
“Congress is sending a clear message that they’d rather use that money for corporate tax breaks.”The Senate bill being drafted this week leaves out most of the higher-education provisions in the House bill.
All told, the House’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would reduce tax benefits and savings for college students by $65 billion over the next decade, according to an estimate by the education council.
Even some Republicans who praise the tax bill are uneasy about some of the higher education provisions.
For these students, who are often living on minimum-wage stipends, working long hours, studying and attending classes, repealing the tuition tax break could have dire financial consequences.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'gop', 'benefits', 'education', 'research', 'house', 'mr', 'universities', 'college', 'writers', 'aim', 'students', 'tuition']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Hi, sweetheart.”And some for the parents: “Well, congratulations, folks,” he said, turning to the journalists and gesturing toward the children.
As Mr. Trump riffed, the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, delivered him a collection of sweets to distribute.
“She’s Japanese!” Mr. Trump replied, flashing a quick smile.
She and Mr. Trump thanked everyone.
“They can stay,” Mr. Trump said of the children, with a smirk and a sweep of his hand.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'journalists', 'parents', 'children', 'hes', 'good', 'white', 'declares', 'wary', 'girl', 'press', 'mr', 'york', 'think', 'cute', 'japanese']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In 2009, Democrats controlled both the state senate and house in 27 states, the Republicans 14.
In the first six months of 2016, the group raised $500,219; during the first half of this year, it raised $2.03 million.
The Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee has traditionally been the single most important group devoted to winning state senate and state house seats.
Take the Republican State Leadership Committee.
It has raised $6.53 million so far this year, $2.17 million more than the amount raised by its Democratic counterpart.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'raised', 'state', 'democratic', 'godfather', 'renaissance', 'donald', 'million', 'house', 'senate', 'organizations', 'election']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWASHINGTON — White House officials are circulating a set of hard-line immigration proposals — including the hiring of 10,000 new immigration enforcement agents — to House Republicans alarmed by President Trump’s pledge to protect around 800,000 so-called Dreamers.
But, the official said, they represent an overdue statement of immigration principles, as requested by conservative legislators as they wade into the difficult issue of an overhaul of the immigration system.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storySarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Monday that the White House intends to release a broad set of immigration proposals soon.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
“We will be putting out specific principles that the White House supports and would like to see done legislatively,” Ms. Sanders said.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'considers', 'set', 'tougher', 'white', 'overhaul', 'sign', 'trumps', 'house', 'mr', 'rules', 'proposals', 'official', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Ms. Pelosi is just the latest in a long line of female politicians — on the left and the right — who have proved rich and resonant targets.
Hillary Clinton.
Then Hillary Clinton once more.
“Republican women disliked Hillary Clinton even more than Republican men.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'clinton', 'witch', 'wicked', 'times', 'latest', 'women', 'sign', 'washingtons', 'men', 'nancy', 'voters', 'woman', 'york', 'hillary', 'pelosi']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  After the International Refugee Assistance Project put out a call for volunteers earlier in the day, dozens of lawyers with immigration backgrounds, and many without them, had come to Kennedy.
There were 10 arrivals from Iraq and Yemen detained at Terminal 7, who had been there since 7:30 that morning.
They were looking for families of passengers who had been detained by C.B.P.
Zandian had driven from Columbus the previous night to meet his wife at the airport.
On the ride over to Terminal 4, the lawyers discussed another problem: to whom, exactly, would the order be delivered?
Keywords:  ['order', 'kennedy', 'chaos', 'officer', 'cbp', 'airport', 'president', 'going', 'come', 'detained', 'arrivals', 'terminal', 'told', 'lawyers']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This year it is Roy S. Moore, the Republican Senate candidate in deeply conservative Alabama, who is in trouble in a race that should be a gimme in such a state.
While Senate Republicans hope to pass their version of the tax bill as early as next week, it would still have to be reconciled with the House plan.
The victory by Mr. Brown, who campaigned against the health care law, deprived Democrats of the crucial 60th vote to break a filibuster.
Despite warnings of a possible political calamity if they passed the health care law, Democrats plunged ahead and paid the price.
Of course, that is exactly what Democrats thought about the health care bill at this point in 2009.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'world', 'tax', 'democrats', 'republican', 'health', 'blast', 'current', '2009', 'republicans', 'mirrors', 'mr', 'senate', 'political', 'care', 'past']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Even without a proper analysis, however, it’s clear that Trumpcare breaks every promise Republicans ever made about health.
Deductibles will rise, not fall, as insurers are set free to offer lower-quality coverage.
The really important thing, however, is not just to realize that Republicans are breaking their promises, but to realize that they are doing so with intent.
This is an act of deliberate betrayal: Everything about Trumpcare is specifically designed to do exactly the opposite of what Trump, Paul Ryan and other Republicans said it would.
Why shouldn’t Republicans believe they can convince those same voters that the terrible things that will happen if Trumpcare becomes law are somehow liberals’ fault?
Keywords:  ['things', 'trump', 'fall', 'health', 'coverage', 'trumpcare', 'party', 'sign', 'republicans', '1984', 'rise', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Taxes, spending, immigration and more top a lengthy to-do list when lawmakers return to Capitol Hill on Monday after their Thanksgiving break.
President Donald Trump plans to meet with congressional leaders on Tuesday to try to hammer out the end-of-year agenda.
For Trump and the Republican-run Congress still reaching for their first major legislative victory, tax cuts would fit the bill.
Democrats will carry leverage into year-end talks on agency budgets.
The Senate plan has larger rate cuts for individuals and a more generous per-child tax credit, but contains greater budgetary gamesmanship.
Keywords:  ['spending', 'tax', 'democrats', 'jampacked', 'yearend', 'pass', 'care', 'agenda', 'highlights', 'washingtons', 'republicans', 'try', 'talks', 'states', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWe heard what sounded like a crash and what might have been a gunshot, but it didn’t register at first.
Lower Manhattan is loud at every hour with traffic and construction, and my wife and I have grown used to ignoring the ambient noise.
He said the police were swarming the neighborhood and helicopters were flying overhead and our building was locked down.
There were fire trucks and gurneys outside Stuyvesant High School, the elite public school that anchors the northern end of our neighborhood.
Ted Cruz and other right-wing populists sometimes deride Manhattan as a liberal La-La Land of privileged people living far from the real world.
Keywords:  ['went', 'similar', 'school', 'real', 'america', 'manhattan', 'wife', 'outside', 'seen', 'terrorist', 'told', 'terrorism', 'clear', 'attack']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The 2010 health care law, as written by Democrats, required all states to expand Medicaid eligibility.
Some Republicans, like Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, say the government should keep some of the revenue collected under the Affordable Care Act to help pay for a replacement plan.
How will they ensure a smooth transition to the market-oriented health care system they want to create?
Will it still require insurers to cover maternity care, mental health services and treatment for drug abuse?
Mr. Ryan has said that federal funds for Planned Parenthood would be cut off in a repeal, but some Republicans say that would be a political mistake.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'states', 'say', 'health', 'federal', 'coverage', 'facing', 'affordable', 'act', 'medicaid', 'republicans', 'cancer', 'care', 'replacing', 'issues']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump misled about the deal’s “immediate financial boost” to Iran.
The Obama administration did transfer $1.7 billion to Iran, but Mr. Trump’s statement requires more context.
The money — delivered in cash, some on a plane — was payment for a decades-long dispute and was indirectly linked to the nuclear deal.
An initial reimbursement was released after the Iran deal was implemented and to help secure the release of American hostages.
Mr. Trump claimed that provisions in the deal limiting Iran’s nuclear abilities expire “in just a few years.” In reality, the major provisions last a decade or longer.
Keywords:  ['15', 'trump', 'centrifuges', 'criticisms', 'nuclear', 'assessing', 'trumps', 'research', 'deal', 'mr', 'billion', 'iran', 'provisions']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Saudi Arabia has summoned Mr. Abbas to Riyadh to reinforce the importance of a deal.
“There’s nothing new under the sun when it comes to Middle East peace,” said Philip Gordon, a White House Middle East coordinator under Mr. Obama.
Mr. Trump and his team make no bones about being pro-Israel.
Mr. Trump has met with Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Abbas three times each.
Still, some analysts think Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Abbas are simply playing along with the goal of ensuring the other is blamed when the process collapses.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'abbas', 'peace', 'israel', 'netanyahu', 'begins', 'plan', 'middle', 'president', 'east', 'mr', 'drafting', 'palestinian', 'team']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This was an opportunity for Mr. Ryan to assert the status of Congress as a separate branch, yet he reaffirmed his submissiveness.
When it became clear there were not sufficient votes to pass the bill, Mr. Ryan went to the White House to argue for pulling it.
There was no Republican speaker at the time, but there was a two-way street between the Capitol and the White House.
He did, but at our initiative and to further the legislative strategy that House leaders, not the White House, had devised.
Mr. Ryan is widely regarded as an outstanding political leader with talents and character beyond question.
Keywords:  ['step', 'republican', 'vote', 'president', 'legislative', 'white', 'aside', 'stand', 'house', 'mr', 'ryan', 'speaker', 'presidents', 'paul']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “If they continue to have nuclear weapons,” he said of North Korea, “nuclear weapons must spread in the rest of Asia.”“It cannot be that North Korea is the only Korean country in the world that has nuclear weapons, without the South Koreans trying to match it.
PhotoCapability to Build the BombLong before North Korea detonated its first nuclear device, several of its neighbors secretly explored going nuclear themselves.
He insists that building them or reintroducing American ones to South Korea would make it even more difficult to persuade North Korea to scrap its own.
Given the failure of sanctions, threats and negotiations to stop North Korea, South Koreans are increasingly convinced the North will never give up its nuclear weapons.
The Japanese public is largely opposed to nuclear weapons with polls indicating fewer than one in 10 support nuclear armament.
Keywords:  ['south', 'weapons', 'north', 'rouses', 'nuclear', 'united', 'reconsider', 'korea', 'seoul', 'continue', 'japan', 'neighbors', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Intel, the microchip giant, is paying $15.3 billion for the Israeli company Mobileye, which specializes in the sensors and cameras that make such vehicles possible.
Market Snapshot View Full OverviewSmarter Living• If you’re hitting the gym this morning, here’s the right way to stretch before exercising.
“There are a lot of powerful interests trying to tilt the scales against consumers,” the publisher of Consumer Reports wrote in 2012.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning.
You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.
Keywords:  ['weeks', 'winter', 'mobileye', 'snapshot', 'times', 'safety', 'consumer', 'wrote', 'briefing', 'sold', 'brexit', 'video', 'snowstorm', 'way']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK — President Donald Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., will meet with the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee next week, CNN reported on Wednesday, citing multiple sources with knowledge of the agreement.
Schiff told reporters that he could not comment on when or if Donald Trump Jr. might appear, but described him as a key witness.
The younger Trump played a central role in his father's campaign.
"Obviously, when Donald Trump Jr. comes before the committee there are innumerable areas that we're going to be interested in.
It's hard to find a more central figure in this," Schiff told reporters at the U.S. Capitol.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'panel', 'panels', 'reporters', 'son', 'schiff', 'donald', 'trumps', 'meet', 'jr', 'house', 'representative', 'cnn', 'told', 'dec']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Unesco was dependent on the United States for 22 percent of its budget, then about $70 million a year.
Cultural organizations in the United States criticized the decision, saying Unesco played a key role in preserving vital cultural heritage worldwide.
Analysts said that withdrawing from the organization was a significant escalation by the United States in its criticism of United Nations bodies.
Mr. Trump has pledged to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv and selected a pro-settlement ambassador.
Nikki R. Haley, the United Nations ambassador, has repeatedly criticized the United Nations for what she called its anti-Israel bias.
Keywords:  ['israel', 'president', 'heritage', 'antiisrael', 'unesco', 'organization', 'bokova', 'united', 'nations', 'withdraw', 'decision', 'citing', 'states', 'bias']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This is hardly the easy path to legislative success, and yet it seems to be the one that the White House and House Republican leadership prefer.
Last week the chairman of the House tax panel called for party lawmakers and the White House to get on the same page before trying to legislate.
The bill isn’t just a problem for House Republicans, but for the White House as well.
Instead, most expect that the House bill would skewer the president’s electoral base, since it would be especially harmful to older white Americans and rural, white working-class families.
But few House Republicans of any stripe are interested in those, and he has now shown that he will let fighting among party factions set the terms of any legislation.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'factions', 'white', 'party', 'disaster', 'sign', 'house', 'deal', 'wrapped', 'mr', 'victory', 'republicans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act was released early last week, and it has already marched through consideration in two important committees.
Estimated 10-year impact on the federal deficitRepublicans are passing their health reform package through a special budget process called reconciliation.
How many people will lose their health insurance?
House Speaker Paul Ryan has also acknowledged that the Republican bill would cover fewer Americans than Obamacare.
The Republican bill eliminates an Obamacare provision that fines employers that don’t cover their workers.
Keywords:  ['numbers', 'bill', 'republican', 'big', 'health', 'cover', 'federal', 'coverage', 'plan', 'cbo', 'report', 'look', 'reform', 'experts', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump made harsh criticism of trade with China a centerpiece of his campaign for president and faces pressure to deliver on promises to level the playing field and close the yawning American trade deficit with China.
Mr. Trump struck a somewhat more conciliatory tone in front of his Chinese hosts.
“Right now, unfortunately, it is a very unfair and one-sided one,” Mr. Trump said of the two countries’ trading relationship.
Instead, Mr. Trump oversaw on Thursday the signing of more than $250 billion in largely symbolic business deals.
Most of them appeared to be the kinds of deals that American companies have long struck in China.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'china', 'hints', 'gas', 'deals', 'chinese', 'long', 'trade', 'mr', 'billion', 'fight', 'signed', 'ahead', 'promotes', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  For the three decades that followed, I could count on one thing: the conservative right was the religious right.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe anger that gave birth to Trump was a death notice for Republican religious principles.
There remains a possibility that Moore, like Trump, could win in spite of the controversy.
The “religious right” as an idea is dead.
Trump is the right’s new religion.
Keywords:  ['religious', 'trump', 'sexual', 'republican', 'right', 'rights', 'religion', 'moore', 'principle', 'women', 'sign', 'thats']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I think it’s time now, right?”After visiting the Capitol on Monday, Vice President Mike Pence returned on Tuesday, trying to corral votes for the repeal bill.
“There are a few layers of protections for pre-existing conditions in this bill,” Mr. Ryan said.
At the heart of the debate is an amendment to the repeal bill proposed by Representative Tom MacArthur, Republican of New Jersey.
Representative Tom Rooney, Republican of Florida, said he was “leaning yes” on the repeal bill, but agonizing over how to explain his vote to constituents.
Congress’s inability to agree on health care legislation is already sending tremors through insurance markets, making it much more difficult for insurers to plan for 2018.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'eyes', 'republican', 'gop', 'health', 'crucial', 'vote', 'repeal', 'win', 'latest', 'preexisting', 'house', 'mr', 'addition', 'billion', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump had raised the possibility of eliminating the subsidies at a White House meeting with Republican senators several months ago.
At the time, one senator told him that the Republican Party would effectively “own health care” as a political issue if the president did so.
“Cutting health care subsidies will mean more uninsured in my district,” Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Republican of Florida, wrote on Twitter late Thursday.
White House officials have sent mixed signals about whether Mr. Trump was open to such a deal.
But under Thursday’s order, the federal government could pre-empt many state insurance rules, a prospect that alarms state insurance regulators.
Keywords:  ['order', 'trump', 'state', 'health', 'critical', 'federal', 'plans', 'subsidies', 'care', 'act', 'mr', 'insurance', 'scrap', 'hitting', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  How We Got Here: A Timeline of Events Leading Up to the ChargesThe special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, announced charges on Monday against three former campaign advisers of President Trump.
March 24, 2016Mr. Papadopoulos met in London with Mr. Mifsud and a Russian woman whom Mr. Papadopoulos described as a relative of Mr. Putin.
Mr. Papadopoulos later learned, the court documents say, that the woman was not related to Putin.
Mr. Mifsud told Mr. Papadopoulos that “the Russians had emails of Clinton” and they numbered in the thousands, Mr. Papadopoulos later told the F.B.I.
Six others were present at the meeting, including Mr. Manafort; Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and now senior adviser; Mr. Goldstone and others.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'foreign', 'charges', 'campaign', 'timeline', '2016mr', 'leading', 'fbi', 'russian', 'mr', 'papadopoulos', 'york', 'events', 'manafort']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoNew York City on Friday agreed to postpone enforcement of a rule requiring restaurants, convenience stores and other establishments to post calorie counts for prepared food.
The city said that it would wait to enforce the calorie posting rules until May, when the Food and Drug Administration is scheduled to put its own rules on calorie labeling into effect.
At that point the city, which had been an early advocate of calorie labeling in restaurants, said that it would act on its own.
The city’s Health Department said that its own labeling rules, which were already on the books, would take effect immediately and that, after a phase-in period, it would begin enforcing them this month.
This month, the federal government filed court papers backing the industry and arguing that the federal labeling law bars cities and other jurisdictions from enacting calorie labeling rules that are not identical to the federal rules.
Keywords:  ['labeling', 'calories', 'restaurants', 'enforcing', 'federal', 'delays', 'calorie', 'food', 'administration', 'wait', 'rules', 'effect', 'city', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump’s transient use of his bully pulpit for policy messaging has upended that playbook.
In the days after Mr. Trump’s election victory, the mood was different, as Republicans expressed high hopes that they could move quickly on a conservative agenda that merged with Mr. Trump’s.
“We’re going to be an enthusiastic supporter almost all the time,” Mr. McConnell said of Mr. Trump in November.
Mr. Trump should also not expect Congress to give Russia a pass over its actions in Ukraine, Syria and the 2016 American election.
“We plan to be very much in the middle of that.”Even some of Mr. Trump’s most fervent backers see tensions in the future.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'gop', 'wall', 'russia', 'senators', 'president', 'volatility', 'trumps', 'away', 'senator', 'republicans', 'mr', 'senate', 'alarmed', 'pull']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  By discouraging older people from buying insurance, the plan will lower the average sticker price of care.
It increases the amount that insurers can charge older customers, and it awards flat subsidies by age, up to an income of $75,000.
The combined difference in how much extra the older customer would have to pay for health insurance is enormous.
And poor, older customers whose insurance costs more than half their income may not really have much of a choice.
says will be cheaper will also be less generous than a comparable Obamacare plan.
Keywords:  ['lowers', 'pay', 'magic', 'gop', 'health', 'plan', 'premiums', 'buy', 'cbo', 'older', 'customers', 'price', 'pushes', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Last March, Price announced his opposition to a sensible Medicare proposal to limit the money doctors could make from drugs they prescribe their patients.
The proposal was meant to reduce doctors’ financial incentives to prescribe expensive drugs.
Price has put the interests of drug companies above those of taxpayers and patients — and invested in those drug companies on the side.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn his defense, a spokesman for Price has said that his broker bought the Zimmer stock and Price didn’t find out until later.
His preferred replacement of Obamacare would reduce health care benefits for sicker, poorer and older Americans.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'money', 'drug', 'doctors', 'reduce', 'health', 'enrichment', 'tom', 'congress', 'sign', 'price', 'dr', 'stock', 'personal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWASHINGTON — The Senate Judiciary Committee has uncovered evidence that Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, was forwarded a document about a “Russian backdoor overture” that Mr. Kushner failed to hand over to the panel’s investigators, according to a letter that the committee released on Thursday.
The Senate letter did not say what type of back channel communication the Russians were trying to set up.
The businessman, Sergei Millian, a former head of the Russian-American Chamber of Commerce, has long claimed to have ties to Mr. Trump and his associates — ties that Mr. Trump’s advisers have said are overstated.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe Senate panel said that Mr. Kushner has also not produced phone records that investigators believe exist, although the letter gave no specifics about the records.
The letter was signed by Senators Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, the two senior members of the Judiciary Committee.
Keywords:  ['kushner', 'trump', 'failed', 'panel', 'russia', 'documents', 'ties', 'investigators', 'trumps', 'senate', 'mr', 'committee', 'letter', 'provide', 'senior']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'chargers', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'angeles', 'saints', 'wins', 'los', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “Frantic Efforts for the Ailing in Puerto Rico” (front page, Sept. 27):The governor of Puerto Rico and the mayor of San Juan could not be more clear about the gravity of the disaster that’s befallen their island.
ANDREW ROSENZWEIGWHITE PLAINSTo the Editor:It is unacceptable that Puerto Rico, a United States territory, is not receiving the same humanitarian aid and attention from the government as states on the mainland hit by recent storms.
After Hurricane Harvey in Houston, President Trump and the government were quick to respond and provide aid.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThis is yet another injustice the people of Puerto Rico have to face as the United States treats them as second-class citizens.
Puerto Rico deserves and needs representation in the United States government, although it is a tragedy that it took such an event to bring attention to this.
Keywords:  ['efforts', 'puerto', 'trump', 'needs', 'federal', 'president', 'united', 'relief', 'national', 'rico', 'states', 'battered', 'took']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Even with the president’s move, it was far from clear whether lawmakers could agree on steps to continue the payments.
More than two months ago, Mr. Reed’s group offered a series of proposals to shore up insurance markets, including funding the subsidies.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“It’s only going to get worse as this marketplace continues to destabilize,” Mr. Reed said.
The government’s costs are also likely to rise, since subsidies to purchase insurance through the marketplaces increase as premiums rise.
Mr. Schumer said the coming spending measure offered a “very good opportunity” to secure money for the subsidies.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'puts', 'health', 'payments', 'premiums', 'hurt', 'subsidies', 'going', 'end', 'continue', 'spot', 'mr', 'insurance', 'care', 'tight', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  First, the plans under the Senate bill would cover a smaller percentage of benefits than the ones today.
The budget office estimated that insurance currently pays about 70 percent of total covered benefits, but that will decrease to 58 percent in 2020.
As under the current law, the Senate bill states that insurers cannot refuse coverage to people with pre-existing conditions, nor can they charge higher prices.
But because the benchmark plan under the Senate bill would pay only 58 percent of benefits, deductibles would increase.
Therefore, “despite being eligible for premium tax credits, few low-income people would purchase any plan,” the budget office said.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'budget', 'office', 'health', 'pitch', 'plan', 'poverty', 'current', 'falsehoods', 'trumps', 'senate', 'reform', 'includes', 'services', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Many in the progressive wing say that candidates need to appeal to the party base rather than try to win over a diminishing pool of swing voters.
Democratic unity will face a fresh test on Tuesday in the governor’s race in Virginia, where Republicans have not won a significant statewide election since 2009.
This week, in a sign of continued friction, a progressive group, Democracy for America, criticized the Democratic nominee, Lt. Gov.
Asked how backing away from supporting Mr. Northam helped Democrats, Mr. Chamberlain said: “We don’t want Ed Gillespie to win and that’s exactly why we came out.
They need to spend the next five days rabidly engaging the Democratic base.
Keywords:  ['sanders', 'divisions', 'primary', 'process', 'democrats', 'base', 'old', 'unity', 'democratic', 'win', 'party', 'highlights', 'sign', 'book', 'mr']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  According to Morgan Stanley, Google and Facebook took an astonishing 85 percent of all new online ad revenue last year.
It could be that the notion of net neutrality that the F.C.C.
Mr. Trump is nothing if not sensitive to a populist uprising, and the net neutrality decision will probably be opposed on both the left and right.
It could be that during the F.C.C.’s comment period, the resistance to overturning net neutrality may be too strong and the ruling will be withdrawn.
should keep net neutrality rules in place.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'net', 'incoherent', 'stance', 'service', 'neutrality', 'content', 'fcc', 'competition', 'administrations', 'revenue', 'billion', 'media', 'google', 'privacy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But Republican lawmakers now concede that a fully detailed plan might not surface from the administration until next year, if ever.
Far from futuristic, the plan would devote most of the money to repair 17,000 miles of existing roads and 500 bridges.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyVoters in 23 states passed $225 billion worth of transportation initiatives last year, accepting 55 of 77 proposals.
Some states, like Connecticut and Washington, are pursuing multiyear transportation initiatives.
But many are pulling back from ambitious plans, awaiting word from Washington.
Keywords:  ['transportation', 'trump', 'tax', 'republican', 'plan', 'infrastructure', 'little', 'taxes', 'america', 'washington', 'trying', 'initiatives', 'better', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The dye was used in pre-Hispanic illustrated codices and in the codices produced around the time of the 1521 Spanish Conquest.
By midcentury, as the curator Georges Roque writes in the show’s catalog, cochineal was being transported in bulk to Seville.
PhotoLouis XIV ordered the upholstery of the chairs and the royal bed curtains at Versailles to be dyed with cochineal.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyLike the Venetians, the painters who adopted cochineal most consistently worked in port cities.
The British, too, were captivated by cochineal, which was used to dye the wool cloth for army officers’ uniforms.
Keywords:  ['mexico', 'insects', 'painters', 'painted', 'red', 'gift', 'kings', 'van', 'artists', 'dye', 'used', 'treasured', 'spanish', 'century', 'colorful', 'cochineal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Police violence radically escalated, too, with authorities killing eight times as many suspected gang members in 2015 as they did in 2013.
“They will have to answer to us, in one way or another.”Santiago seldom stayed anywhere more than a day at a time.
“Whatever happens, it won’t be good.”Santiago joined the 18th Street gang in 1998, at 15.
These days, he said, the police staged fake gunfights just to kill gang members, then explained it away by calling them terrorists.
“We are the pretty girl that everyone wants to dance with right now,” Santiago told me.
Keywords:  ['bishop', 'asked', 'truce', 'santiago', 'members', 'street', 'el', 'gangs', 'told', 'answer', 'gang']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
The college dropout phenomenon exacts a terrible price on American society.
A typical college graduate working full-time earns 54 percent more than a full-time worker who attended some college but has no degree.
And that statistic understates the gap, because college graduates are also much more likely to have full-time jobs.
So how can the United States help more college students finish what they started?
Keywords:  ['boom', 'fulltime', 'rosenberg', 'dropout', 'times', 'today', 'degree', 'sign', 'college', 'newsletter', 'students', 'fix', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “The United States wants to be seen as living up to the obligations that it’s undertaken from president to president to president,” she said on Fox News.
He lobbied against it in the United States Congress and encouraged Mr. Trump to try to renegotiate its terms.
“Like many Israelis,” Mr. Barak said, “I think the Iran deal is a bad deal.
For Mr. Barak, the implications for North Korea are just as far-reaching.
“Kim Jong-un is extreme,” Mr. Barak said.
Keywords:  ['urges', 'trump', 'agreement', 'north', 'nuclear', 'friend', 'president', 'united', 'hawk', 'israeli', 'barak', 'deal', 'ehud', 'iran', 'mr', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  We tend to think of loyalty as a virtue, but the truth is that it can lead to any number of outcomes — from heroism to cravenness and complicity with evil.
Is it drink?” Loyalty is only a virtue insofar as it provokes virtuous consequences.
More than 100 years ago, as pointed out by the author Eric Felten in his book “Loyalty: The Vexing Virtue,” the Irish novelist and politician Justin McCarthy wrote that loyalty “is gone!
What we’re missing is, perhaps, not the loyalty itself but a communal sense of what we should be loyal to.
Trump’s aggressive insistence on transactional, partisan cronyism has clearly inspired, in some quarters, renewed thinking about the purpose and value of loyalty itself.
Keywords:  ['attachment', 'trump', 'era', 'virtue', 'campaign', 'president', 'loyal', 'trumps', 'complicated', 'loyalty', 'comey', 'thinking']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  All while news outlets are under increased scrutiny and even dismissed as “fake news.”On Thursday, Dean Baquet, The Times’s executive editor, will join the White House correspondents Peter Baker and Maggie Haberman in a TimesTalk discussion streamed live about the challenges in covering President Trump.
A portion of the conversation will be devoted to viewers’ questions, including questions from our digital audience.
Leave your questions in the comments, and Mr. Rutenberg will ask a selection of them.
How to watch: The discussion will be streamed live on this web page and to The New York Times’s YouTube and Facebook pages.
Until then, catch up on some of Mr. Baker and Ms. Haberman’s work:White House Weighs Response to North Korea’s Threats
Keywords:  ['trump', 'youtube', 'baker', 'cover', 'discussion', 'timess', 'rutenberg', 'live', 'white', 'streamed', 'questions', 'house', 'mr', 'submit']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Marshawn Lynch Angers Trump by Standing for Mexican Anthem Image Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch typically sits on the bench during the playing of the national anthem.
Lynch then stood, though not at attention, during the playing of the Mexican anthem.
to task: “Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem.
“Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the national anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country.
* Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'marshawn', 'standing', 'anthem', 'national', 'nfl', 'players', 'times', 'raiders', 'mexican', 'lynch', 'angers', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It said it would begin phasing out the Obama-era program, which covers about 800,000 people, on March 6, 2018.
The president added that it was up to Congress to grant the protections, and he has urged it to do so.
The administration allowed only those recipients whose benefits expire between Sept. 5 and March 5, 2018, to renew for a final two years.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
President Trump, who has at times praised Dreamers, as DACA recipients are known, put the onus on lawmakers to protect the young immigrants as part of an overhaul of the immigration system that would also toughen enforcement.
Keywords:  ['sept', 'daca', 'state', 'dreamers', 'reading', 'rush', 'renewal', 'protections', 'services', 'continue', 'applicants', 'renew', 'recipients', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Although Puerto Rico tends to conjure images of palms and beaches, the rain forest just down the road beckoned, as something a little different.
You may be thinking about bugs, particularly mosquitoes, given the Zika outbreak that occurred in Puerto Rico and elsewhere last year.
Puerto Rico guarantees public access to beaches, even at resorts.
It looks like the ones that you see when you Google “Puerto Rico beach.” Clean sand, invitingly clear water ... and populated by a good number of tourists.
The visit reminded us of the charm of this corner of Puerto Rico, a casual place with rich rewards in easy reach.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'road', 'spell', 'beach', 'rican', 'large', 'forest', 'sunny', 'rain', 'minutes', 'water', 'rico']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Every month, Netflix Canada adds a new batch of movies and TV shows to its library.
(Unfortunately, streaming information provided in our Watchlist listings applies only to viewers in the United States.)
Ewan McGregor plays the son, a lonely bachelor who begins to understand how his father’s secret subtly fueled his aversion to commitment.
Through the painful moments, however, Plummer communicates the absolute pleasure of being fully himself for the first time.
Based on the positive notices from the festival circuit, “Mudbound” appears to be Netflix’s first major bid for an Oscar.
Keywords:  ['plays', 'movies', '1save', 'shape', 'season', 'save', 'streaming', 'tv', 'watch', 'shows', 'best', 'ribbon', 'nov', 'netflix', 'heart', 'canada']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
VOLLEYBALLWalsh Jennings Rejects Tour AgreementThe five-time Olympian Kerri Walsh Jennings is looking for a new partner — and a new beach volleyball tour — after rejecting an exclusivity agreement with the AVP.
Crosby sat out Pittsburgh’s 3-2 victory on Wednesday night in Game 4 of its Eastern Conference semifinal against Washington.
His second concussion of the season was diagnosed after Crosby took a crosscheck in the head from Capitals defenseman Matt Niskanen.
Sullivan said Crosby was “in the process of rehabbing” but declined to answer when asked if there was a chance that Crosby would play in Washington on Saturday.
Keywords:  ['jennings', '70', 'tour', 'satisfied', 'dustin', 'return', 'johnson', 'walsh', 'second', 'sign', 'washington', 'game', 'wear', 'play', 'crosby']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  More than 60 percent of Medicaid beneficiaries are enrolled in private managed-care plans now.
Some liberals have proposed using Medicare, the federal health care program for the elderly and disabled, as the basis for providing universal health insurance.
Moreover, the integration of the Obamacare exchanges into Medicaid would be relatively seamless: Many health plans are already in both markets.
Recent surveys showing that Medicaid beneficiaries are generally satisfied with their coverage, more so than their exchange counterparts, makes the case even more persuasive.
The result would be better health coverage for more Americans and a clear path toward an American version of affordable coverage for all.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'replacement', 'coverage', 'plans', 'beneficiaries', 'best', 'medicaid', 'program', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Republican health bill doesn’t have many outside supporters.
Some of the only outside praise has come from the chief executive of Anthem, the country’s second largest insurer.
But the Obama administration’s Justice Department filed suit against the merger, arguing that it would force consumers to pay higher prices.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAnthem’s best remaining hope for the deal is probably to persuade the Trump administration to take a different view of the merger and unblock it.
PhotoAgainst this backdrop, Swedish wrote a carefully worded letter last week to Congress praising the Republican health bill.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'pay', 'republican', 'seedy', 'largest', 'anthem', 'trumpcares', 'administration', 'supporter', 'swedish', 'merger', 'outside', 'lonely']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  President Trump is traveling in Asia this week, rallying countries to strengthen sanctions against North Korea.
When I asked North Korean officials what would happen in those circumstances, they answered unambiguously: war.
“There is a military option: to destroy North Korea’s program and North Korea itself,” Graham told the “Today” show, relaying a conversation with Trump.
Graham said that if North Korea continues to test intercontinental ballistic missiles, a war is “inevitable.”This may be a bluff, but, if not, war is coming, for almost every expert believes that North Korea will continue its testing.
Trump may also shoot down a North Korean missile over international waters; that’s less provocative than a strike on North Korean territory, but I’d still expect a military response.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'war', 'north', 'nuclear', 'president', 'korea', 'continue', 'slouching', 'korean', 'told', 'sanctions']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  VideoThe lack of progress on trade issues has led to grumbling among business types.
Some companies declined to join the trip, afraid of provoking reprisals by the Chinese government or of being perceived as too close to the Trump administration and its controversies.
Beijing ministries have particularly looked at whether to allow greater investment in Chinese service industries.
China has begun reviewing how it has hamstrung foreign banks with a long list of regulations that limit the services they can offer and cap their ownership stakes in Chinese banks.
These regulations have dimmed considerably the American banking sector’s enthusiasm to start making large investments in China, particularly in commercial banking.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'business', 'china', 'banks', 'deals', 'pacts', 'administration', 'service', 'visit', 'trumps', 'trip', 'trade', 'services', 'chinese', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Ms. Mayfield and the pack leader, whom she did not identify, sat down at a Chipotle restaurant that afternoon.
On Friday, Ms. Marble, the state senator, did not respond to an email or a voice mail message seeking comment.
The local Boy Scouts group in Broomfield distanced itself in a short statement at the top of its website.
In one, it said Ms. Marble should have seen the event and Ames’s questions as an educational opportunity.
Ms. Mayfield said she had chosen a new pack for Ames, who is set to become a Boy Scout in February.
Keywords:  ['den', 'ms', 'exiled', 'mayfield', 'scouts', 'race', 'ames', 'boy', 'cub', 'continue', 'guns', 'scout', 'marble', 'legislator', 'local', 'gun', 'pressing']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoNow that the Republican Party has beclowned itself on health care, now that Obamacare repeal lies in rubble, now that every G.O.P.
Maybe Obamacare is a huge lifesaver, but so far the evidence is conspicuously missing.
The link between health insurance and actual health has always been a lot murkier than most champions of universal coverage admit, with studies going back decades that show little evidence that giving people insurance actually makes them healthier.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyNor has Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion been a bulwark against opioid-related misery.
(The Spotted Toad analysis speculates that an Obamacare provision that was implemented earlier, allowing twentysomethings to stay on their parents’ health insurance plans, may also have made opioid prescriptions easier to obtain.)
Keywords:  ['health', 'replacement', 'expansion', 'party', 'sign', 'medicaid', 'lifesaver', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
There are two words that didn’t appear anywhere in yesterday’s Sunday Review articles: “Donald” and “Trump.” If you want to see for yourself, I’ve included links to every article below.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMuch of the attention to Trump is warranted, of course.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'article', 'issue', 'reading', 'times', 'today', 'review', 'sign', 'receive', 'newsletter', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  RICHARD FEINSTEINPRINCETON, N.J.To the Editor:Mark Penn and Andrew Stein, harking back to Presidents John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton, are invoking the wrong practical role models for today’s Democrats.
Mrs. Clinton was one of the most unpopular Democrats in modern history, and one of the few Democrats who could have lost to Donald Trump.
So go ahead, loyal Democrats, keep thinking that the Russians did it or that you can ignore most of the country.
Only by embracing the Bernie Sanders wing of the party can the Democrats find their way back to relevance.
And the Democratic Party can be very proud of its part in securing and maintaining equality of rights for all Americans.
Keywords:  ['penn', 'democrats', 'clinton', 'politics', 'rights', 'democratic', 'win', 'party', 'voters', 'stein', 'andrew']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  View all New York Times newsletters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWe see it in the way that you attack Antifa but make excuses for white supremacists.
During the campaign, Trump tweeted: “Thank you to the LGBT community!
Trump is unacceptable in every possible way, and must continue to be met at every turn with the strong arm of defiance.
That is why today I recommit myself to resistance, and so should you.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'campaign', 'times', 'trans', 'women', 'white', 'sign', 'continue', 'resistance', 'recommitting', 'thankfully', 'way', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has called for including the repeal of the individual mandate in the tax bill.
Last month, lawmakers were considering making changes to 401(k) retirement accounts as a way to raise revenue before Mr. Trump quashed the idea on Twitter.
Although Mr. Trump must sign the eventual legislation, Republican lawmakers have shown a willingness to break with his wishes.
Mr. Trump originally called for a 15 percent corporate tax rate, but Senate Republicans appear to have settled on a 20 percent rate that will be delayed by a year.
“There’s no real cause for concern at this point,” Mr. Hatch said.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'suggesting', 'tax', 'republican', 'wades', 'repeal', 'middle', 'rate', 'debate', 'mandate', 'republicans', 'senate', 'mr', 'hatch', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Affordable Care Act requires all Americans to buy health insurance or pay a penalty, with exceptions for people with hardships.
The administration put in place a new rule that in 2018 will make the credits apply to a slightly less generous plan for all Obamacare customers.
The size of the changes will be much smaller than reductions that had been proposed in the Republican health care bills.
How this would hurt Obamacare: Insurance companies would take a big financial hit, since they assumed they would get the subsidies when pricing their plans.
How this would hurt Obamacare: Customers with health problems may end up with really high insurance costs.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'states', 'health', 'ways', 'repeal', 'plans', 'failure', 'subsidies', 'weakening', 'customers', 'medicaid', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  President Trump plans to travel to Puerto Rico, and possibly the Virgin Islands, on Tuesday.
Tom Price, above right, the health and human services secretary, has resigned after drawing ire from President Trump and the public for racking up at least $400,000 in travel bills for chartered flights.
President Trump, though, is not ready to fold, and predicted that the Senate would vote on another version early next year.
Mr. Warmbier’s parents and Mr. Trump claim that he was tortured.
“Saturday Night Live” had a lot of news to catch up on in its season premiere, including the anthem protests and President Trump’s response to the hurricane devastation in Puerto Rico.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'trump', 'independence', 'catalonia', 'north', 'vote', 'president', 'tom', 'briefing', 'korea', 'trumps', 'senate', 'mr', 'price', 'rico', 'weekend']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'dallas', 'saints', 'cowboys', 'redskins', 'wins', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'panthers', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'carolina', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoListen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Via RadioPublic | Via StitcherPresident Trump has disavowed the Iran nuclear deal, and he has threatened to leave it altogether if Congress does not amend it to permanently block Tehran from building nuclear weapons or intercontinental ballistic missiles.
• Peter Baker, chief White House correspondent for The New York Times, talks about how President Trump is trying to undo the deal.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBackground reading:• What is the Iran deal?
And why does President Trump hate it?
• In his rebukes of Iran, Mr. Trump has omitted or distorted facts about history, the nuclear deal and an alleged violation of the agreement.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'does', 'reading', 'nuclear', 'president', 'listen', 'daily', 'deal', 'undo', 'mr', 'iran', 'talks']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  As secretary, Mr. Price will be responsible for a department with an annual budget of more than $1 trillion.
Some of the Democrats’ animus against Mr. Price stems from experience.
Mr. Price has endorsed the idea of giving each state a fixed amount of federal money in the form of a block grant to provide health care to low-income people on Medicaid.
After confirming Mr. Price, the Senate turned to the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s pick to be Treasury secretary.
But Mr. Mnuchin, like Mr. Price, has been criticized by Democrats, who boycotted a Finance Committee vote on his nomination.
Keywords:  ['committee', 'democrats', 'health', 'confirmed', 'tom', 'trumps', 'senator', 'mr', 'senate', 'secretary', 'price', 'care', 'mnuchin']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Confusion over the future of that debt was ignited on Tuesday when Mr. Trump raised the prospect of erasing it.
Reached late on Tuesday, investors who hold Puerto Rico’s debt and their advisers said they were taken aback and unwilling to comment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMost of Puerto Rico’s debt is in the form of municipal bonds, a type of debt governed primarily by state laws — or territorial laws, in Puerto Rico’s case — not by the federal government.
Puerto Rico’s economy fell into recession in 2006 and has never recovered, and the government resorted to heavy borrowing just to balance its budget.
About $9 billion of Puerto Rico’s total debt was issued by the power authority.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'trump', 'federal', 'power', 'white', 'investors', 'dials', 'vow', 'trumps', 'going', 'debt', 'house', 'mr', 'ricos', 'rico', 'clear']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyOr if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
On your Android phone or tablet:You can listen and subscribe using the free app RadioPublic, which is available worldwide.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to play the latest episode and learn more about the app.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'ban', 'player', 'listen', 'trumps', 'daily', 'episode', 'subscribe', 'play', 'youre', 'phone', 'travel', 'flash', 'tap']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump voiced support for legislation to fund subsidies to health insurers that he had cut off, as well as another bipartisan health care measure that could lower insurance premiums under the Affordable Care Act.
But the war of words in public did little to secure the Democratic support that Mr. Trump and Republican leaders will ultimately need.
Ms. Pelosi fired back on Twitter, mocking the Republican leaders, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, for going along with the theatrics.
Mr. Trump struck a fiscal deal with Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi in September, taking Republicans by surprise.
Funds expired at the end of September, and Republicans and Democrats have fought over how to pay for an extension.
Keywords:  ['possible', 'trump', 'spending', 'republican', 'democrats', 'leaders', 'president', 'country', 'feuds', 'mr', 'senate', 'shutdown', 'ahead']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “When I first heard about this, I thought they used real donkeys to carry the marijuana,” Flaco says.
This was captured in extraordinary footage from a Mexican TV crew, showing smugglers climbing into Arizona.
The way President Trump linked his promises of a wall to drug problems in rural America was most likely a factor in his victory.
President Trump has taken power at a turning point in the drug policy debate.
President Trump has also called for more treatment for drug addicts.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'drug', 'wall', 'border', 'marijuana', 'smuggling', 'thanks', 'smugglers', 'flaco', 'mexican', 'agents', 'cars']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Apparently, the Chinese never took Mr. Trump’s campaign rhetoric personally.
Our political and media elites, along with Democratic critics, see Mr. Trump as overly provocative, unbalanced and lacking in any real results.
But those critics have failed to appreciate how Mr. Trump’s strong positions on foreign policy have had a positive impact.
I know some of Mr. Trump’s proposals seem frightening to many people.
Through his message he has moved markets, steered global business in a better direction for American companies and defended American workers.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'times', 'president', 'trumps', 'dont', 'bluster', 'sign', 'mr', 'york', 'workers', 'works', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The country has changed in the past year, and many of us have grown numb after unrelenting shocks.
The government is under the control of an erratic racist who engages in nuclear brinkmanship on Twitter.
He’s called for reporters to be jailed, and his administration demanded that a sportscaster who criticized him be fired.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
But this nightmare year has upended assumptions about the durability of the rules, formal and informal, governing our politics.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'sense', 'prince', 'ago', 'white', 'trumps', 'apocalypse', 'sign', 'told', 'way', 'anniversary', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Orlando, Dallas, Las Vegas, and now Sutherland Springs.
Soon, they will surely offer warnings not to “politicize” a tragedy by debating gun controls that might prevent such mass killings from happening again.
“We are not going to talk about that today,” President Trump told reporters in the days that followed the Las Vegas shooting, where 58 people were killed.
If now is too soon to debate gun control, how long must Americans wait?
If it is too soon to respond to Sutherland Springs, is it too soon to respond to these?
Keywords:  ['killedsince', 'soon', 'shooting', 'tragedy', 'sutherland', 'debate', 'las', 'colorado', 'vegas', 'control', 'school', 'springs', 'gun']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Donald J. Trump Foundation raised $2.9 million in 2016 — almost as much as it had raised in the preceding four years combined — according to its annual tax filing for 2016.
It also showed that the foundation donated $3 million last year, more than it had given in the previous three years combined.
They donated in connection with an event that Mr. Trump staged to benefit military veterans, which set off scrutiny of his foundation for giving away only a fraction of the money it raised to charities, and for making payments in a manner that appeared to benefit Mr. Trump.
After Mr. Trump won, he directed his lawyers to begin the process of closing the foundation to avoid conflicts of interest.
The White House referred requests for comment on the remaining funds to the foundation.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'raised', 'funds', 'remaining', '2016', 'month', 'scrutiny', 'foundation', 'million', 'mr', 'perlmutter', 'gave']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Democrats took council seats in vote-rich Delaware County, Pa., in the Philadelphia suburbs, a perennial congressional battleground.
So far, only two Republican Senate seats are clearly in play: the one in Arizona being vacated by Jeff Flake and Dean Heller’s in Nevada.
Already, 29 House Republicans have said they will not run again, while just seven Democrats have announced plans to retire.
By Wednesday morning, two presidential advisers acknowledged antipathy toward Mr. Trump would probably drive Democratic turnout in 2018.
He won Virginia Beach, an area Mr. Trump carried last year, by five percentage points.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'rebel', 'democratic', 'suburbs', 'candidates', 'virginia', 'threatening', 'republicans', 'house', 'mr', 'senate', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoHOUSTON — This has been a harrowing year for the hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants who have put down stakes in Houston.
Greg Abbott of Texas signed one of the nation’s most punitive laws against cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
But the biggest group hails from Latin America, and many of them are undocumented immigrants who crossed the border to fill jobs in restaurants, hotels and construction.
For many undocumented immigrants, the sight of Border Patrol boats on their flooded streets was enough to frighten them.
“Just physically and visually seeing the Border Patrol out there caused panic,” said Cesar Espinosa, executive director of FIEL Houston, an immigrant rights organization.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'state', 'houston', 'immigrant', 'border', 'patrol', 'uneasy', 'rains', 'came', 'undocumented', 'fear', 'enforcement', 'texas', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  That isn’t the way the Trump administration approaches the world.
Even so, such lopsided budget priorities could favor military solutions over diplomacy and development.
In recent weeks, alarming new data from the American Foreign Service Association, the union representing diplomats, shows just how far Mr. Tillerson has taken things.
The hiring of new foreign service officers has slowed almost to a halt, and the number of young people seeking to take the foreign service exam has fallen to less than half the 17,000 who registered two years ago.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Tillerson has asked some senior officials to do clerical tasks and left many ambassadorships unfilled.
Keywords:  ['budget', 'trump', 'war', 'state', 'foreign', 'diplomacy', 'tillerson', 'administration', 'service', 'department', 'career', 'senior', 'making', 'diplomats', 'diplomatic']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:J. D. Vance, through his decision to move back to Ohio to help citizens in need (“Why I’m Moving Home,” Op-Ed, March 16), exemplifies a great bipartisan American tradition: acknowledging personal fortune and giving back to community.
Yet Mr. Vance’s exercise of J.F.K.’s plea to “ask what you can do for your country” is increasingly rare among the conservative elite.
The presidency is being used to increase Trump family fortunes; Republican leaders cheer destruction of public services, from Steve Bannon’s purported wish to destroy the “administrative state” to Grover Norquist’s goal of drowning the American government in a bathtub; and Republican members of Congress bitterly denounce those taxes that pay for public protections and social programs while simultaneously lying to their own voters about everything from climate change to Obamacare.
For the sake of the Republic, let us pray that more citizens in the mold of Mr. Vance emerge — citizens with conservative values who understand that caring for fellow community members is a large part of what makes America great.
BEN F. WYETH, MINNEAPOLIS
Keywords:  ['republican', 'wyeth', 'citizens', 'members', 'public', 'conservative', 'vance', 'mr', 'wish', 'care', 'conservatives', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Ryan responded by repackaging the same agenda for the 2016 election, even though working-class Americans were demonstrating fury at his establishment orthodoxy.
Mr. Ryan swallowed Mr. Trump’s insults and offenses, in the name of passing his agenda.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAfter pulling the bill, Mr. Ryan showed he hadn’t given up on trying to make people think he was someone they could believe in.
Put to the test, Mr. Ryan revealed that all along, he doesn’t have anything more creative in his cranium than stale conservative dogma.
And all this happy talk that went on in November and December and January about repeal, repeal, repeal — yeah, we’ll do replace, replace — I started laughing.”We might thank Mr. Ryan for one thing.
Keywords:  ['thank', 'repeal', 'size', 'showed', 'times', 'sign', 'brought', 'replace', 'mr', 'ryan', 'republicans', 'paul', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Some senior campaign officials were clearly willing to talk with the Russians.
What we don’t know:Did Trump campaign officials collude with Russian agents on the release of the emails?
There is not yet any public evidence that the conversations between campaign officials and Russian agents led to actual coordination.
Maybe Russia’s approaches to the Trump campaign went nowhere — and that Russia then released the emails anyway, for its own purposes.
Which senior Trump campaign officials were aware of — or participated in — Papadopoulos’s conversations with Russian agents?
Keywords:  ['officials', 'trump', 'meeting', 'russia', 'campaign', 'scandal', 'mueller', 'russian', 'know', 'papadopoulos', 'guide', 'conversations', 'agents']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Three Republican senators firmly opposed the latest plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, leaving Senate leaders short of the votes needed for passage and causing the bill to collapse.
In recent months, 13 Republican senators from 12 states have rejected at least one of the Senate’s five major repeal efforts.
Republican senators who publicly opposed a repeal bill, arranged by their ideology scores Number of bills opposed 1 2 3 4 5 ← Less conservative More conservative → ← Less conservative More conservative → Note: Ideology measurements are based on DW-NOMINATE scores, which are based on Congressional votes.
Among them are Ms. Collins and Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, who both voted against all three Senate bills in July.
Other senators opposed the bills for different reasons.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'bills', 'republican', 'senators', 'repeal', 'paul', 'vote', 'opposed', 'senate', 'obamacare', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He sent a report of what they had found so far:As expected, these incomplete raw files are, often, a mess.
director, on Nov. 24, 1963, shortly after Jack Ruby fatally shot Lee Harvey Oswald as Oswald was moved from one jail to another.
Referring to Nicholas Katzenbach, then the deputy attorney general, Mr. Hoover expresses anxiety that the killing of the suspected assassin may spur undesirable doubts among Americans.
“The thing I am concerned about, and so is Mr. Katzenbach, is having something issued so that we can convince the public that Oswald is the real assassin,” Mr. Hoover says.
Mr. Hoover sent a memo to the White House more than three years after the assassination summarizing information in the F.B.I.’s files about how the Soviet government responded to Kennedy’s death.
Keywords:  ['files', 'oswald', 'documents', 'president', 'released', 'highlighting', 'fbi', 'continue', 'mr', 'hoover', 'lbj', 'jfk', 'memo', 'soviet', 'assassination']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoOf all Puerto Rico’s continuing miseries seven weeks after Hurricane Maria’s devastation, the most blatantly unjust is that islanders have been denied the more generous and swifter food relief distributed to storm victims this year in Texas and Florida under the emergency food stamp program.
Yes, both the island and mainland victims are United States citizens.
But not all citizens are created equal: A 35-year-old congressional budget cap on Puerto Rico’s food stamp program has limited the amount of disaster aid immediately available.
Texas and Florida have no such federal restraints and were able to quickly increase food stamp help in the face of the hurricane damage last summer.
Puerto Rico already was fighting bankruptcy before the hurricane hit.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'puerto', 'citizens', 'treatment', 'food', 'aid', 'victims', 'say', 'power', 'secondclass', 'voting', 'stamp', 'texas', 'ricos']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “We need more action, more ambition, and we need it now,” said Patricia Espinosa, the United Nations climate chief.
Ultimately, countries plan to submit newer, stronger climate pledges to the United Nations by 2020.
Throughout the talks, China argued that the Paris agreement rule book should hold developed nations to higher standards than developing countries.
These disagreements may only be partly resolved at future climate talks.
During the second week of talks, climate scientists gave a presentation to the conference on the vast task ahead of them.
Keywords:  ['stakes', 'bonn', 'higher', 'gamble', 'future', 'emissions', 'paris', 'planets', 'need', 'degrees', 'countries', 'united', 'nations', 'talks', 'climate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Spicer demurred when asked to provide proof that anyone other than Russia attempted to sway the election.
He also declined to say whether Mr. Trump accepted the finding that the Russians were not merely trying to meddle but were actively working on his behalf in an effort to defeat Mrs. Clinton.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Trump, for his part, seems determined to remain the dominant spokesman for the White House.
But Mr. Trump sees questions about Russia’s interference in the election as an effort by Democrats and stragglers from the “Never Trump” movement to delegitimize his victory last November.
The president’s tweets on Russia and on Mr. Obama were bracketed by two other broadsides.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'targets', 'spicer', 'democrats', 'russia', 'reporters', 'president', 'obama', 'white', 'working', 'trumps', 'mr', 'twitter']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Corker said Mr. Trump was “absolutely not” a role model for the children in America.
Mr. Trump then attacked Mr. Corker’s tenure at the helm of the Foreign Relations Committee.
Mr. Corker, who supported Mr. Trump in the 2016 presidential election, told CNN on Tuesday that he would not do that again.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Trump and Mr. Corker have been locked in a public feud for weeks.
“I think it’s fine for him to come over,” Mr. Corker said of the president’s visit to Capitol Hill.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'federal', 'plan', 'corker', 'white', 'personal', 'house', 'mr', 'revenue', 'escalate', 'support', 'taxes', 'terms', 'battle']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  On the afternoon I saw Tillerson at the State Department, he’d just returned from several hours at the White House.
In December, Nikki Haley, Trump’s nominee for ambassador to the United Nations, set up a conference call with two senior State Department officials: Kristie Kenney, the State Department counselor, and Patrick Kennedy, the under secretary of state for management.
“The people the Senate would expect to confirm have all been taken off the table.”In the early days of the administration, according to State Department officials, White House officials, especially Bannon, sent over many names for State Department posts.
“They came away with the impression that we’re very ‘patriotic’ and ‘professional,’ ” a senior State Department official says.
According to one senior State Department official, Tillerson originally wanted to cut the staff by 15 percent, until he was told that to do so the State Department would have to fire people.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'state', 'foreign', 'tillerson', 'unraveling', 'president', 'rex', 'tillersons', 'department', 'secretary', 'told', 'official']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoExcept for his portraits, Penn’s images almost invariably ran in color in Vogue — as copies of the magazine displayed in vitrines remind us.
More crucially, Penn, like Walker Evans (an important influence), was a master of tone, with an unusual sensitivity to light and its complexities.
PhotoBy 1938, Penn was in New York, making drawings and designing for magazines, including Harper’s Bazaar, and saving enough money to buy his first camera.
PhotoIn June 1943, Penn was hired by Alexander Liberman, who had been recently appointed as the art director at Vogue, to design covers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWith Richard Avedon, Penn revolutionized fashion photography in the postwar period.
Keywords:  ['revolutionary', 'vogue', 'penn', 'fashion', 'photographer', 'celebrates', 'penns', 'art', 'met', 'irving', 'models', 'york', 'work', 'camera', 'portraits']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'bears', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'texans', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'chicago']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He and his family spent New Year’s Eve with Mr. Trump at his Florida resort, and he attended the president’s inauguration.
In an interview with The Times last year, Mr. McLoughlin, the Damac spokesman, said Mr. Trump had visited Damac Hills several times.
Building anything in Dubai invariably involves migrant workers, in transactions that often deviate from the law.
In response, the government has made it permissible for migrant workers to change jobs while outlawing payments to recruitment firms.
Al Arif, the company supplying workers for the Trump course at Damac Hills, houses its workers in isolated apartment complexes in the desert.
Keywords:  ['golf', 'trump', 'migrant', 'reading', 'course', 'hills', 'donald', 'main', 'damac', 'wages', 'late', 'mr', 'workers', 'dubai']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main story_____Photo• Italy failed to qualify for the soccer World Cup for the first time in six decades after a scoreless tie meant it lost its playoff to Sweden, 1-0, on aggregate.
[The New York Times]• The Trump administration’s debut at the United Nations climate conference in Bonn, Germany, was met with noisy protest and harsh questions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Should we bother to count calories?
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyElizabeth Paton contributed reporting.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'fashion', 'reading', 'times', 'president', 'moore', 'briefing', 'main', 'continue', 'york', 'roy', 'global', 'iran', 'european', 'italy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He said people wouldn’t bother coming to him anyway, because, as he described it: “You’re not interested in it.
If I’d been sexually assaulted by Harvey Weinstein, literally my last instinct would be to go to Woody Allen for help.)
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Sure, if you insist, it’s a witch hunt.
I’m a witch, and I’m hunting you.
Keywords:  ['witch', 'im', 'allen', 'weinstein', 'yes', 'serious', 'hunt', 'atmosphere', 'real', 'hunting', 'sign', 'statement', 'men', 'wouldnt']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
What Reagan did do, however, was blow up the budget deficit with military spending and tax cuts.
The trade deficit soared — and the long-term decline in the share of manufacturing in overall employment accelerated sharply.
Notably, it was under Reagan that talk of “deindustrialization” and the use of the term “Rust Belt” first became widespread.
The Trump regime will clearly blow up the deficit, mainly through tax cuts for the rich.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'cuts', 'reagan', 'deficit', 'belt', 'sign', 'dollar', 'trade', 'rustier', 'making', 'manufacturing', 'rust', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “We legitimately can’t figure out how this is going to work,” one start-up adviser told DealBook’s Michael J. de la Merced.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Greenfield writes:We have long sensed regulators throughout the government felt the Comcast NBCU consent decree failed.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The All-New DealBook Newsletter Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and his Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyEach weekday, DealBook reporters in New York and London offer commentary and analysis on the day’s most important business news.
We’d love your feedback as we experiment with the writing, format and design of this briefing.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'won', 'tax', 'reading', 'saudi', 'dealbook', 'president', 'briefing', 'main', 'continue', 'mr', 'michael', 'senate', 'peltz']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Congress, the Trump administration and Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, could do a lot of damage without overturning the law.
Early this year, President Trump stopped advertising aimed at persuading healthy young people to sign up for coverage — a perfect way to cause the “death spiral” Republicans are so fond of predicting.
Now, they can starve the agencies that have to administer the law, making it hard for them to do their jobs.
Under President Obama, my agency carefully reviewed any state-level changes in Medicaid benefits and marketplace policies, but far less diligence is likely now.
But the Trump administration shows little interest in learning from what works.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'survive', 'states', 'health', 'law', 'premiums', 'sign', 'medicaid', 'republicans', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'healthy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  High-risk pools have been tried before, so we have some sense of what they might cost.
States also had waiting lists and imposed limits on how much they would pay per year or over a lifetime for care.
More left-leaning researchers have arrived at far higher price tags, assuming that more Americans would be likely to qualify or that their health costs would be higher.
Of course, the $8 billion offered in the new amendment would go only to states that decide to waive the Obamacare rules and set up high-risk pools.
The new waivers are not the only way that the Republican bill might make it harder for people with prior health problems to get coverage.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'money', 'states', 'health', 'say', 'set', 'coverage', 'pools', 'care', 'researchers', 'extra', 'billion', 'program', 'billions', 'highrisk']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  If Mr. Trump does not fight the court case, the Obamacare markets in most states will unravel quickly, leaving millions without insurance options on his watch.
Mr. Price, perhaps more than Mr. Trump, has long been committed to the Affordable Care Act’s demise.
If Mr. Trump and Mr. Price can make peace with the health law, there are opportunities to steer it in a more conservative direction.
The Trump administration plans to make it harder for people to sign up for plans midyear.
But those choices have created a precedent for the Trump administration to stretch the health law in its own direction.
Keywords:  ['sabotage', 'trump', 'choice', 'health', 'law', 'insurers', 'administration', 'trumps', 'markets', 'mr', 'coopt', 'obamacare', 'insurance', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  By international standards, the United States puts few taxes on consumption, while taxing producers more heavily.
Many small manufacturers without overseas factories have long favored an overhaul of the United States tax code that would increase corporate taxes on importers.
The money raised from such a tax increase, they have argued, could then be used to offset a reduction in the overall corporate tax rate of 35 percent.
Stores that operate primarily in the United States and cater to less price-sensitive shoppers could actually see their profits increase, according to some estimates.
But Ulta may benefit more from the part of the House Republican proposal that would reduce the 35 percent corporate tax rate.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'tax', 'counting', 'corporate', 'importbased', 'winners', 'imports', 'taxes', 'united', 'mexico', 'retailers', 'states', 'losers', 'american']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  “Pragmatism is no sin,” Mr. Harsanyi reminds readers, urging conservatives to take advantage of the chance to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
It doesn’t come close — unless, of course, you happen to believe that we provide too much help to the poor and elderly, and not enough tax cuts to the wealthy.”Ms. Carpenter agrees with some of her counterparts on the right when she argues that the Senate health care bill doesn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
But when it comes to health care, Mr. Gabler warns, Democrats should not put their faith in Ms. Collins’s ability to break from her party.
The betting markets, he notes, give roughly even odds that key provisions of the Affordable Care Act will be repealed before the end of the year.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'spectrum', 'health', 'read', 'affordable', 'act', 'dont', 'preexisting', 'senate', 'republicans', 'mr', 'writers', 'agree', 'care', 'ideological']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  That success is to be followed in 2019 by a ban on the use of lead-based ammunition throughout California.
Other states have partial controls on lead ammo, but California is the first to enact such a sweeping environmental protection in the face of the powerful gun lobby.
View all New York Times newsletters.
In contrast, the Trump administration, beholden to the N.R.A., quickly overturned a regulation the Obama administration had issued that would have banned lead ammunition and fishing tackle in federal wildlife refuges.
In the House, they are selling what amounts to a marketing favor for the gun industry, proposing to repeal controls on the sale of gun silencers to civilians.
Keywords:  ['california', 'lead', 'times', 'condors', 'main', 'washington', 'sign', 'work', 'controls', 'ammunition', 'gun', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So I traveled from Baltimore to join hundreds of thousands of protesters at counterdemonstrations around Mr. Trump’s swearing-in.
Little did I know that I would be swept up into a legal nightmare that demonstrates how prosecutors intimidate and manipulate defendants into giving up their rights.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyNext, prosecutors at the United States Attorney’s Office in Washington took the highly unusual step of indicting more than 200 of those arrested.
Most of the people in the group, which includes journalists, legal observers and volunteer medics, face charges of engaging in a riot, inciting a riot, conspiracy to riot and property damage.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['prosecutors', 'riot', 'reading', 'protest', 'remain', 'times', 'trumps', 'washington', 'sign', 'legal', 'turn', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Failure and weakness also build on themselves, and the health care debacle will make it more difficult for Trump to get his way with Congress on other issues.
PhotoOne of the underlying problems is Trump’s penchant for personnel choices that are bafflingly bad or ethically challenged or both.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyYet Trump’s record of appointments over all suggests a lack of interest in expertise.
The last two energy secretaries were renowned scientists, one with a Nobel prize, while Trump appointed Rick Perry — who once couldn’t remember the department’s name.
Trump appointed his bankruptcy lawyer, David Friedman, to be ambassador to Israel.
Keywords:  ['incompetence', 'trump', 'hungarian', 'health', 'vitezi', 'trumps', 'triumph', 'sign', 'appointed', 'york', 'care', 'gorka']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Liveris was at the White House on Monday.
Not that Mr. Liveris is necessarily to blame — he and the company were targeted in 2014 by the activist investor Daniel S. Loeb, who called for splitting the company in two to bolster profits and for the ousting of Mr. Liveris.
After a multiyear battle, Mr. Loeb essentially prevailed, and Mr. Liveris will exit Dow after it completes a merger with DuPont later this year, with a breakup to follow.
VideoThe logistics of such a tax continue to befuddle both Republicans and Democrats.
“There will be advantages to companies that do indeed make their products here,” Mr. Trump said.
Keywords:  ['create', 'trump', 'tax', 'tests', 'corporate', 'executive', 'trumps', 'liveris', 'continue', 'mr', 'sway', 'united', 'manufacturing', 'jobs']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  Complete market failure seems to have been averted: At least one insurer has agreed to sell health plans in every county of the country.
Most Obamacare customers won’t feel the sting of higher premiums, because government subsidies limit their exposure to a percentage of their income.
The Trump administration has, so far, been a reluctant overseer of the Obamacare markets.
Taken together, higher prices and less outreach are likely to mean fewer people buying coverage on the individual insurance market.
The Trump administration has tended to use the poor performance of the health care markets as a prod to legislators to move forward on repeal.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'affects', 'repeal', 'failure', 'insurer', 'consumers', 'subsidies', 'market', 'enrollment', 'sign', 'markets', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “The Trumps, the Poodle, the Sex Scandal” (column, Oct. 12):I confess.
Rarely, however, is her wit more trenchant than when she repeatedly observes the correlation between political competence and dog ownership.
Perhaps The Times could conduct a poll that would undoubtedly show that dog ownership usually results in a rise in a politician’s popularity.
In that Donald Trump often relies on polling to guide his decision-making, such data might induce him to get a dog.
I realize that this strategy would be unusual, but desperate times call for desperate measures.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'collins', 'times', 'live', 'donald', 'trumps', 'near', 'poodle', 'desperate', 'dog', 'man']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But the curve seems especially steep for Mr. Trump, who like his closest aides — Mr. Bannon, Mr. Priebus, Mr. Kushner and Kellyanne Conway — has never served in government at a high level.
Mr. Trump tried damage control on Friday with a phone call with the Mexican leader, which Mr. Kushner helped arrange.
Mr. Priebus weeks ago began his own outreach to business leaders even as Mr. Kushner was already personally emailing some of them.
Mr. Kushner has emerged as the most important figure in Mr. Trump’s White House besides the president.
Mr. Trump has relished his role as a disrupter and, for now at least, feels a certain momentum.
Keywords:  ['order', 'trump', 'officials', 'process', 'kushner', 'week', 'satisfied', 'misfires', 'president', 'white', 'crossed', 'trumps', 'washington', 'house', 'mr', 'smile', 'wires']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThree months ago, The Washington Post reported that even as Donald Trump ran for president, he pursued plans to build a Trump Tower in Moscow.
Sater was apparently an intermediary between Trump and Russia, and in a Nov. 3, 2015, email to Cohen, he made the strange argument that a successful deal would lead to Trump’s becoming president.
But three months feels like three decades in Trump years, and I mostly forgot about these reports until I read Luke Harding’s new book, “Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money, and How Russia Helped Donald Trump Win.” One uncanny aspect of the investigations into Trump’s Russia connections is that instead of too little evidence there’s too much.
That’s why “Collusion” is so essential, and why I wish everyone who is skeptical that Russia has leverage over Trump would read it.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'odds', 'russia', 'times', 'president', 'wrote', 'donald', 'trumps', 'sign', 'york', 'owns', 'sater']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump also used the hurricane to soft-pedal a bit of unrelated political business, announcing late on Friday night that he had pardoned Joe Arpaio, the former Arizona sheriff.
Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.”Mr. Trump did not wait long to start doling out praise.
Hurricane Harvey is the first natural disaster of Mr. Trump’s presidency, and the White House is keenly attuned to the political risks of handling it poorly.
Mr. Trump’s homeland security adviser, Thomas P. Bossert, was working for FEMA when the hurricane struck, and later ran Mr. Bush’s emergency preparedness office.
“This is right up President Trump’s alley,” he said.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'trump', 'torrential', 'storm', 'president', 'white', 'trumps', 'rain', 'relief', 'house', 'mr', 'forecast', 'texas', 'response', 'travel']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He listened to a mother talk about her lost son while holding the hand of his own, weeping.
“Most of the time we feel impotent and powerless, but when you see the goodness of people it gives you strength,” Mr. Saldaña said.
As a couple, Mr. Saldaña and Ms. Delgadillo have decided to adopt a new approach to mourning.
Mr. Saldaña and Ms. Delgadillo wanted to invite their extended family — the other parents, husbands and wives who had lost someone.
Despite everything, Mr. Saldaña said he was filled with more hope these days than ever.
Keywords:  ['gone', 'ms', 'way', 'state', 'saldaña', 'son', 'dead', 'delgadillo', 'party', 'wanted', 'mr', 'mexico', 'lost', 'alive']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  When I asked about Trump’s souring our image in the world, Carter defended his successor.
“Daddy expected me to be perfect,” Carter told me.
When I compared the Clinton Foundation with the Carter Center, Carter noted: “Rosie and I put money in the Carter Center.
“I think the media have been harder on Trump than any other president certainly that I’ve known about,” Carter replied.
Trump was impressed that Carter had “the nerve, the guts” to ask for something so “extraordinary,” but didn’t give it to him.
Keywords:  ['asked', 'trump', 'world', 'reading', 'lusts', 'posting', 'president', 'obama', 'jimmy', 'dont', 'carter', 'told', 'think']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Should it be any wonder that a Republican Party with almost complete control of government has turned so fiercely on itself?
Dominant parties often do that when they have little to fear politically from the nominal opposition party.
Should it be any wonder, either, that in the intramural fights the Donald Trumps and Roy Moores of the party are winning?
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe political paradox of 2017 is that a Republican Party that cannot seem to lose also cannot seem to govern.
Whether it won’t also be the end of the Republican Party as a functional institution is another question.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'right', 'good', 'wont', 'party', 'impotence', 'sign', 'strange', 'political', 'theyre', 'wonder', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhat did the play’s director, Amir Nizar Zuabi, want to get out of staging it in a kitchen?
[New York Times]• Mayor Bill de Blasio asked landlords to make their buildings more energy efficient, but what changes has he made to his own two Brooklyn homes?
New York Today is a morning roundup that is published weekdays at 6 a.m.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'reading', 'places', 'production', 'times', 'today', 'main', 'continue', 'united', 'youre', 'odd', 'theater', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He referred to a flawed report to claim individual marketplace premiums have doubled since the health care law’s passage.
Under the health care law, insurers can no longer deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions.
The Congressional Research Service recently cataloged legislative efforts to repeal, defund or delay the Affordable Care Act from 2011 to 2016.
Democratic leadership, and most of the caucus, have consistently rejected efforts to repeal the health care law.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn contrast, Senate Republicans intend to overhaul health care through a reconciliation bill, bypassing the 60-vote threshold entirely.
Keywords:  ['passed', 'examining', 'mcconnells', 'democrats', 'health', 'mitch', 'premiums', 'plans', 'overhaul', 'affordable', 'report', 'senate', 'claims', 'mcconnell', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  With President Trump in office, the goal of repealing the Affordable Care Act is finally within reach for Republicans.
Margot Sanger-Katz explains why repealing and replacing Obamacare may not be easy.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'margot', 'office', 'wheres', 'replacing', 'president', 'trumpcare', 'republicans', 'sangerkatz', 'reach', 'obamacare', 'repealing']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoLast year, the release of the Panama Papers caused a huge sensation across the globe, exposing a hidden world of wealth held offshore.
The New York Times was not part of that team.
This year, with the publication of the Paradise Papers — an extensive leak of documents primarily from a Bermudan law firm — we were on the inside.
By late February, a team of journalists from The New York Times, The Guardian, the BBC, the I.C.I.J.
and other organizations were scouring documents, looking for any connections to the new Trump cabinet, one of several reporting initiatives.
Keywords:  ['400', 'world', 'help', 'team', 'reporters', 'times', 'documents', 'scouring', 'icij', 'reporting', 'papers', 'friends', 'paradise', 'lot', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In 1984, in Grove City College v. Bell, the Supreme Court ruled that even Pell grants for needy students or G.I.
Bill money for veterans subjects a college to federal regulations, and so Hillsdale students are not allowed to accept such funds (most receive institutional grants).
Some said they had heard Dr. Arnn on one of his regular appearances on Hugh Hewitt’s syndicated radio program.
One that does not exist at Hillsdale College is an L.G.B.T.Q.
So far it is aiding 16 schools — three of them, one in Georgia and two in Texas, serving mainly minority populations, Dr. Arnn said.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'hill', 'books', 'conservative', 'hillsdales', 'shining', 'hillsdale', 'college', 'student', 'dr', 'students', 'city', 'conservatives', 'arnn']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  There is always some space between a party’s voters and its leaders, some difference between what the average supporter wants and what the elected representatives are willing to do.
Mr. Trump, of course, is the biggest sideshow of them all.
For years before Mr. Trump was elected, Republicans lacked a consensus plan to replace Obamacare, and their tax reform plans were vague.
Mr. Trump didn’t cause any of this.
While party leaders were quiet under Mr. Bush, some today seem willing to speak out, however haltingly, against Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'partys', 'gop', 'mess', 'president', 'party', 'trumps', 'policy', 'republicans', 'voters', 'mr', 'political', 'bush', 'fault']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I say “Allahu akbar” out loud more than 100 times a day.
In all those years, I, like an overwhelming majority of Muslims, have never uttered “Allahu akbar” before or after committing a violent act.
And the two words the police say he shouted when the unthinkable act was over: Allahu akbar.
View all New York Times newsletters.
President Trump defended his initial response blaming violence on “many sides,” saying, “It takes a little while to get the facts.” That caution doesn’t seem to be applied when the suspects have been described by witnesses as “Middle Eastern” — and definitely not when they’ve said, “Allahu akbar.”
Keywords:  ['muslims', 'world', 'saying', 'uttered', 'say', 'times', 'sign', 'akbar', 'allahu', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Democratic Party, or at least many of its highest-profile figureheads from the last election, is locked in a vicious cycle of re-examinations and recriminations.
The only issue I see is that these efforts seem to be operating separately from the national Democratic Party, a dinosaur of bureaucratic machinery in an evolved age of direct democratic action.
Liberalism has leapt over the Democratic Party.
Liberalism has its eye on a new beginning, while the mainstream party is stuck looking backward and bickering.
The Resistance isn’t part of the old Democratic Party; The Resistance is the new Democratic Party, or at least its future.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'week', 'democratic', 'party', 'indivisible', 'sign', 'york', 'resistance', 'waking', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Within Europe, the tourism declines were largest in Switzerland at nearly 28 percent, Belgium at 20 percent and Britain at 15.5 percent.
Britain accounts for the largest share by country of European arrivals in the United States, with 4.5 million tourists last year, making its slowdown significant.
The United States fell to number six, passed by both Japan and Britain.
April figures ease the overall decline of foreign visitors to the United States from 4.2 percent to 1.2 percent.
Lucy Taylor, an Australian who is spending several weeks this summer and fall visiting the United States with her husband, altered the couple’s itinerary based on anticipated xenophobia.
Keywords:  ['world', 'summer', 'declined', 'states', 'early', 'wrote', 'britain', 'reported', 'tourism', 'united', '2017', 'travel', 'international', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So, about those $150,000 families: Is that “middle income” label that the Republicans used truly applicable?
Plenty of people with incomes above $200,000 are one missed paycheck (or a four-figure health insurance premium spike) away from real financial trouble.
Or perhaps this must also be about tax rates, not just tax breaks.
“This is why you need periodic tax reform,” said Mr. Mazur of the Tax Policy Center.
And if we ever finish fighting over health insurance, we’ll have tax legislation to look forward to afterward.
Keywords:  ['numbers', 'tax', 'cost', 'health', 'middle', 'deserve', 'breaks', 'insurance', 'income', 'policy', 'break', 'care', 'class']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Six months into his presidency, President Trump continues to use his Twitter account to insult people.
The kinds of people, places and things Trump has insulted over time Charts show a 30-day moving average.
After winning the nomination, Mr. Trump narrowed his focus on Mrs. Clinton.
Mr. Trump has used simple and consistent messages, and his phrases have tended to be memorable – and in some cases textbook marketing.
It’s an effective branding technique, researchers say, but Mr. Trump has not used it often to market his administration’s policies or legislation.
Keywords:  ['things', 'trump', '650', 'weeks', 'insult', 'election', 'places', 'term', 'president', 'track', 'mr', 'twitter', 'insulted', 'media', 'end']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But for those who backed Mr. Trump because of his promises to build a wall and deport illegal immigrants, such notions are heresy.
Such pronouncements amplified voices within the Republican Party that have been fearful about both illegal and legal immigration.
But despite his tough tone as a candidate, Mr. Trump has shown some signs of moderation as president.
(Mr. Hassett did not sign the letter, which was organized by New American Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders.)
For those reasons, some who have been critical of Mr. Trump are tempering their optimism about Mr. Hassett.
Keywords:  ['adviser', 'immigration', 'trump', 'proimmigration', 'republican', 'choice', 'base', 'economic', 'riles', 'president', 'party', 'trumps', 'sign', 'recent', 'mr', 'hassett', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In his first 100 days, allies and adversaries saved Trump and the country from some of his most extreme, ill-considered campaign promises.
Boeing and General Electric restrained Trump from getting rid of the Export-Import Bank, which would have left U.S. exporters at a big disadvantage.
I believe California’s market size, aspirational goals and ability to legislate make it the most powerful opposition party to Trump in America today.
Trump wants to scrap Obama-era standards requiring passenger cars to average about 51 miles a gallon by 2025; today it’s just under 37 miles a gallon.
Trump can deregulate U.S. automakers to make more gas guzzlers all he wants, but they can’t if they want to sell cars in California.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'fox', 'china', 'california', 'crazy', 'times', 'sign', 'energy', 'standards', 'californias', 'jobs', 'clean']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoPresident Trump’s visit to Puerto Rico risks compounding the damage caused by Hurricane Maria.
His vow on Tuesday to wipe out the United States commonwealth’s huge debts sent its bond prices plunging on Wednesday.
The island’s devastation may well necessitate a fresh restructuring, but that won’t address urgent issues.
In May, Puerto Rico initiated a form of bankruptcy to restructure its more than $70 billion of debt.
Mr. Trump’s comments provoked a surge in sell orders that wiped an additional 25 percent off the price on Wednesday, according to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board’s electronic quotation service.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'puerto', 'islands', 'storm', 'brings', 'president', 'power', 'wont', 'trumps', 'mr', 'restructuring', 'rico', 'maria']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  While some conservative pundits attacked their failure to repeal the health care law this spring, scant protests rose up from the right to counter the thousands of Affordable Care Act supporters who appealed to lawmakers for months to maintain much of the law.
Congressional Republicans, especially in the House, are hamstrung by their lack of legislative experience.
Most of the health care bills they have passed were largely symbolic gestures that they knew would be vetoed by President Obama.
He is dead weight for Republicans.”Members of both parties said that the only path forward for health care — and indeed any legislation — would now have to be a product of bipartisan efforts.
“I think moderate voices will be important in health care just as they already have been on budgets, appropriations bills and anything else that needs to be enacted into law.”
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'voice', 'health', 'law', 'repeal', 'president', 'policy', 'republicans', 'care', 'beat']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He said he had been encouraged that Mr. Trump took swift action on some campaign promises during his early days in office.
A Quinnipiac University poll released on Thursday gave Mr. Trump only a 36 percent job approval rating and found that majorities of people surveyed said he was neither honest nor levelheaded.
They were early and enthusiastic Trump supporters, and when they went on road trips this year, they gauged their candidate’s support by counting up his yard signs and Hillary Clinton’s.
Photo“It should be about America first,” Mr. Cottrell said.
But he said that did not affect his support for Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'cottrell', 'wall', 'federal', 'president', 'obama', 'america', 'promises', 'mr', 'draft', 'backers', 'refugees', 'supporters']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “Defying Image, Sessions Aids Transgender Case” (front page, Oct. 16):I guess that we should applaud Attorney General Jeff Sessions for not looking the other way when transgender people are murdered.
But he and his boss are quite willing to promote unequal treatment of L.G.B.T.Q.
people, which includes the transgender military ban.
What is this America that President Trump wants to make great again?
Is it an America where we might see a sign in a baker’s shop window that reads “We don’t do gay weddings”?
Keywords:  ['trump', 'transgender', 'sessions', 'weddings', 'window', 'america', 'willing', 'wants', 'case', 'way', 'unequal', 'jeff']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Before midday, Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko welcomed Mr. Trump and his wife, Melania, at the Imperial residence.
“Is that rude to ask?”PhotoIn somewhat gentler terms, Mr. Trump told Mr. Abe that the United States was seeking a new kind of trade relationship.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe then took seats at a long, low table on a floor covered with straw tatami mats.
Japan had tracked the missiles North Korea fired over Japan, Mr. Abe said, and would have shot them down if they had posed a threat to Japanese citizens.
“I said, ‘There’s no way he lands and I don’t see him,’” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Abe.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'protect', 'abe', 'arms', 'north', 'buying', 'american', 'korea', 'mr', 'japan', 'united', 'missiles', 'tells', 'japanese']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  When Mr. Tusk emerged from an earlier meeting with Mr. Trump and Mr. Juncker, there were clear signs that they had differences of opinion over Russia.
After the meeting, Mr. Trump headed to the Belgian residence of the United States ambassador, where he had a working lunch with Mr. Macron.
Finally, the second time Mr. Trump pulled away, Mr. Macron let him go.
His remark seemed clearly aimed at Mr. Trump, who has vowed to build a wall along the United States border with Mexico.
PhotoThe announcement by the Atlantic alliance’s secretary general, Jens Stoltenberg, was another gesture toward Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'article', 'macron', 'states', 'leaders', 'nato', 'scolds', 'president', 'united', 'highlights', 'stays', 'vague', 'mr', 'brussels', 'european', 'allies', 'tusk', 'costsharing']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It is reminiscent of when Democrats tried desperately to woo Senator Olympia Snowe, who also represented Maine, to their side in the last health care debate.
“Obamacare created a mind-set here that the federal government can be a partner in providing health insurance,” said Lee Umphrey, the chief executive of the Harrington Family Health Center, where 1,500 residents in a rural county east of Bangor have enrolled in health insurance plans since the law was enacted.
Many state health care experts see that as a way to get more flexibility and experimentation in insurance markets.
Maine also has one of the few viable health insurance cooperatives in the nation, which was hugely popular but has struggled to stay solvent because of high health care costs for Maine’s newly insured.
Maine health care experts are watching Ms. Collins carefully in the debate, which Republicans would like to see reach its climax before the July Fourth recess.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'state', 'collins', 'health', 'measured', 'maine', 'mr', 'republicans', 'insurance', 'care', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To hear the administration talk, the whole Trump tax initiative is one big assault on the wealthy, on behalf of the little guys.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
We’d be talking about Cohn as Trump’s worst appointment if there wasn’t so much competition.
At the time, Cohn wanted the world to know he was agonizing over whether to quit the government in principled protest.
But, he assured reporters, the Trump team was opposed to a big new tax benefit for “guys like myself.”The selflessness in this administration never ends.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'taxing', 'cohn', 'guys', 'world', 'plan', 'president', 'sign', 'trumps', 'hedge', 'hard']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed Wilbur L. Ross, the billionaire investor, as commerce secretary on Monday, installing a key leader for the Trump administration’s plans to overhaul trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement.
With the confirmation of Mr. Ross, the most important members of Mr. Trump’s economic team are in place just in time for looming fights over the budget, health care and tax legislation.
Compared with some of Mr. Trump’s other cabinet picks, Mr. Ross had his confirmation process move ahead with relative ease.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyA former Democrat, Mr. Ross, 79, divested a significant portion of his holdings to avoid conflicts of interest before taking the helm of the Commerce Department.
He also tried to temper some of Mr. Trump’s views on trade, attempting to ease concerns that the United States is going to be engaging in trade wars.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'commerce', 'wilbur', 'confirmed', 'united', 'trumps', 'mr', 'confirmation', 'billionaire', 'secretary', 'ross', 'trade', 'senate', 'states', 'investor']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The White House issued photos of a grave-looking Mr. Trump being briefed in the Situation Room.
What a turnout!”Four days later, Mr. Trump returned to the state — this time, to meet actual victims of the storm.
On Tuesday, Mr. Trump denied that he had neglected Puerto Rico in favor of his feud with professional athletes.
But even then, Mr. Trump said less about the resilience of the people than about the territory’s problems.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAfter his news conference, Mr. Trump tweeted, “America’s hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico & the #USVI.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'trump', 'officials', 'puerto', 'florida', 'amazing', 'president', 'texas', 'tremendous', 'governor', 'relief', 'mr', 'great', 'rates', 'rico']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The look Drag Queens, a Metal Head and a Lot of Cowboy Hats in Tijuana, Mexico “Walking around Tijuana, I noticed three main ideas — music, tradition and family — and those themes influenced the photographs I took,” Jake Michaels said.
“It was interesting that during this political climate, they chose this to be the place to be photographed,” Mr. Michaels said.
Image Credit Jake Michaels for The New York TimesTijuana is a mecca for the cowboy hat.
Image Credit Jake Michaels for The New York TimesMr. Michaels was struck by the way this woman was carrying her baby.
Image Credit Jake Michaels for The New York Times“It seems interesting that a shoe shining culture still exists in Tijuana,” Mr. Michaels said.
Keywords:  ['credit', 'jake', 'wall', 'music', 'queens', 'tijuana', 'times', 'drag', 'timeson', 'metal', 'hats', 'mr', 'michaels', 'mexico', 'head', 'cowboy', 'lot', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Both sides agree that repealing or dialing back the Johnson Amendment seemed improbable at best as recently as a year and a half ago.
His group has been working against the Johnson Amendment for more than a decade.
The assembled leaders responded in part by pointing to “the chilling effect of the Johnson Amendment,” Mr. Johnson said.
At its first meeting in June 2016, attendees said, it became clear that repealing the Johnson Amendment would become a centerpiece of his campaign to win over the religious right.
The aim was to tempt the agency to try to revoke the churches’ tax exemption, giving them standing to challenge the constitutionality of the Johnson Amendment in court.
Keywords:  ['religious', 'amendment', 'bargaining', 'tax', 'trump', 'leaders', 'right', 'johnson', 'debate', 'gift', 'chip', 'mr', 'house', 'christian', 'political']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In April, automakers sold 1.43 million cars and trucks, down from 1.5 million a year ago.
For General Motors, the domestic downturn compounds difficulties it is dealing with abroad.
Many analysts have forecast that auto sales will suffer a small decline this year — to about 17.2 million vehicles from the record of 17.5 million sold in 2016.
AlixPartners, a consulting firm with a large automotive practice, is predicting that auto sales will decline to 16.6 million vehicles in 2018, and 15.2 million in 2019.
Some 3.6 million leased vehicles are due to be turned in this year, according to Manheim, an auto auction company.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'boom', 'auto', 'counted', 'motors', 'vehicles', 'motor', 'general', 'sold', 'cars', 'million', 'automakers', 'sales', 'industry', 'jobs', 'history']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  In gesturing toward a new friendliness, Japan is motivated in part by the recognition that as the United States retreats, it needs stronger trade with China.
Having watched Mr. Trump heap praise on Mr. Xi in Beijing last week, Japan is also propelled by fear that the United States may develop a closer rapport with China that would exclude Japan.
Mr. Abe appears keenly aware of Mr. Trump’s erratic swings in opinions and loyalties.
Japan is naturally wondering if the United States may make some kind of deal with China that could put Japan at a disadvantage, experts said.
During the talks in Danang, Mr. Abe proposed that he and Mr. Xi visit each other’s country next year.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'abe', 'mend', 'china', 'relations', 'ties', 'xi', 'seeing', 'power', 'retreat', 'mr', 'japan', 'united', 'states', 'japanese']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there.
Or if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
On your Android phone or tablet:You can listen and subscribe using the free app RadioPublic, which is available worldwide.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to play the latest episode and learn more about the app.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'health', 'truman', 'phone', 'player', 'harry', 'gingrich', 'daily', 'episode', 'subscribe', 'play', 'youre', 'care', 'newt', 'flash', 'tap']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Taking on TrumpcareThe House passed a new version of its health care bill on Thursday.
The late-night TV hosts were thoroughly unimpressed.
“House Republicans today voted on and passed an Obamacare replacement bill without knowing how much it would cost.
That’s right, he is visiting a library.” — CONAN O’BRIEN “Donald Trump was in New York City tonight.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'health', 'unimpressed', 'voted', 'care', 'latenight', 'donald', 'late', 'know', 'triple', 'york', 'night', 'houses', 'hosts', 'mero']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But imagine pulling off such an upset that the Olympic organizers don’t even have your national anthem available.
In the United States, 1968Today, personal twists and flourishes on the national anthem are commonplace.
“The only things that resembled our national anthem were the words.
In February, a singer hired by the United States Tennis Association sang the first verse of the anthem before a Fed Cup match between Germany’s Andrea Petkovic and the United States’ Alison Riske.
The tennis association apologized “for the performance of an outdated national anthem” and promised, “This mistake will not occur again.”It had, however, occurred before.
Keywords:  ['things', 'won', 'mistake', 'kuwait', 'anthem', 'reading', 'sing', 'united', 'controversies', 'helsinki', 'national', 'organizers', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In a less charged political climate, the executive branch might fight that issue out to protect its own power even if it wanted the health care law dismantled, as the Trump administration does.
“It is a mistake to think of this as a partisan fight over health care,” said Mr. Eggleston, who called the litigation critical to separation-of-powers issues.
Still, the decision alarmed the White House sufficiently that it rapidly pushed forward with an appeal both to preserve its independence and to protect the health care law.
Since President Trump took office, his administration has shown little interest in taking up the Obama administration cause.
Mr. Bagley said the states could ask the appeals court to block the Trump administration from cutting off the funding.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'court', 'health', 'struggle', 'power', 'administration', 'subsidies', 'white', 'obama', 'care', 'leaves', 'house', 'mr', 'open', 'closes', 'dispute']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
Why is the Republican Party having a Groundhog Day experience on health care, with its House leaders continuing to push for a bill only to go through the same cycle of having their own members rebel?
They have spent years pretending that it’s easy to fix the health care system and lying about both Obamacare and their own proposals.
This past weekend, President Trump gave an unintentionally revealing interview to CBS’s John Dickerson that I recommend reading if you didn’t already watch.
In it, Trump displays no grasp of the mechanics of health policy and instead repeats a series of nice-sounding promises, most of which are simply false:“The health care bill is going to help my supporters.”“Pre-existing conditions are in the bill.”Advertisement Continue reading the main story“We’re going to have lower premiums.”“This bill is much different than it was a little while ago.”
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'reading', 'health', 'newsletter', 'sign', 'house', 'york', 'care', 'watch', 'fantasyland']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “I have great respect for Mr. Bannon, and from time to time I do discuss politics with him,” Mr. Mercer wrote.
Mr. Mercer followed an unusual route to become arguably the most powerful person in the right-wing movement that thrust Mr. Trump into the White House.
Mr. Mercer and his daughter Rebekah were instrumental in Breitbart’s rise into a powerful force in conservative politics.
Mr. Mercer on Thursday distanced himself from Breitbart, Mr. Bannon and Mr. Yiannopoulos, who resigned from Breitbart earlier this year.
Mr. Randall said that with Mr. Mercer leaving, the Baltimore pension fund could reconsider its request to withdraw the $33 million.
Keywords:  ['bannon', 'trump', 'breitbart', 'robert', 'university', 'funds', '50', 'mercers', 'renaissance', 'helm', 'patron', 'main', 'yiannopoulos', 'hedge', 'mercer', 'leaving', 'mr', 'billion', 'fund']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But the New York Stock Exchange gained an unusual public backer: President Trump.
In a speech on Sunday, Mr. Trump urged Saudi Arabia to pick the Big Board as the international venue for the initial public offering of Aramco.
“I want them to strongly consider the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq,” he said at Yokota Air Base after arriving in Japan for a 12-day tour through Asia.
“I just spoke to the king a little while ago, and they will consider it,” he said, referring to King Salman of Saudi Arabia.
Other politicians have argued in favor of their homegrown stock exchanges, including Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, though they have done so privately.
Keywords:  ['aramco', 'trump', 'king', 'saudi', 'minister', 'ipo', 'president', 'public', 'recordsetting', 'stock', 'japan', 'pushes', 'exchange', 'prime', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I know it’s a struggle for me to see Mr. Trump, whom I consider to be malicious, in a disinterested way.
That doesn’t necessarily mean, of course, that my judgments about Mr. Trump aren’t in the main correct.
I’m simply saying that for me to see Mr. Trump from a distance, dispassionately, is impossible.
I relay all this because confirmation bias is far more difficult to overcome than most of us like to admit.
Our political culture is sick and getting sicker, and confirmation bias is now a leading toxin.
Keywords:  ['things', 'trump', 'truth', 'war', 'im', 'struggle', 'seeing', 'mr', 'darkly', 'confirmation', 'political', 'glass', 'bias']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  One approach would be to allow only some fixed proportion of pass-through income to be taxed at the special low rate, with the rest taxed as regular income.
So, for example, if a person earned $1 million from a real estate partnership, perhaps $300,000 of that would be taxed at only 25 percent, with the other $700,000 taxed at the full income tax rate.
Another approach would be to impose more stringent requirements for pass-through corporations to differentiate labor income from income derived from capital investment.
“If you’re an accountant firm and that’s clearly income, you’ll be taxed an income rate, you won’t be taxed a pass-through rate,” Mr. Mnuchin said at the Delivering Alpha conference.
They can devise a law that makes tax avoidance by the wealthy easy.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'loophole', 'labor', 'plan', 'passthrough', 'capital', 'taxed', 'rate', 'income', 'thats', 'trying', 'punts', 'youre', 'wealthy']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  But remember, we’re living in the age of Trump, which means that we should actually expect the worst.
It seems safe to assume that Trump himself understands nothing about monetary policy.
So trying to guess his Fed choice from his policy views is a mug’s game.
When the financial crisis struck in 2008, it was essential that the Fed engage in aggressive monetary expansion — loosely speaking, print lots of money.
Kevin Warsh, a former Fed governor widely considered a favorite for the job, certainly fits the bill.
Keywords:  ['fed', 'trump', 'leaders', 'times', 'monetary', 'sign', 'policy', 'wrong', 'trumpify', 'way', 'policies']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In all four states, Republicans are racing to strip back the influence of labor unions, a key Democratic constituency.
And in New Hampshire, State Senator Jeb Bradley, the Republican majority leader, said so-called right-to-work legislation was a top priority.
He said Republicans would also seek to change state laws governing health care and to enshrine in the State Constitution the right to bear arms.
“They’re killing us here in the state of Missouri,” said John Stiffler, executive secretary-treasurer of the St. Louis Building & Construction Trades Council.
The gun bill cleared the legislature again on Thursday, and the new Republican governor, Chris Sununu, has “every intention of signing it,” David Abrams, a spokesman of his, said.
Keywords:  ['bickers', 'republican', 'state', 'gop', 'states', 'leaders', 'missouri', 'congress', 'unions', 'party', 'republicans', 'mr', 'governor', 'swiftly', 'legislation']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sad!” President Trump posts often on Twitter, sometimes against the preferences and without the advice of aides, about policy ideas and reactions to things he sees on TV.
President Trump’s cabinet picks, who have faced unprecedented opposition in Congress , have limited government experience and extraordinary wealth .
President Trump ended the multinational trade deal brokered by President Obama, reversing a decades-long bipartisan free trade policy.
President Trump abruptly hung up on the prime minister of Australia over a disagreement about the number of refugees that the United States would accept from Australia.
President Trump fired Ms. Yates after she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to defend his travel ban on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
Keywords:  ['order', 'trump', 'abnormal', 'immigration', 'foreign', 'important', 'professor', 'president', 'normal', 'trumps', 'rating', 'mr', 'events', '20', 'presidency']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Michael Lopez Banegas, 20, had fled gang violence in Honduras three years ago, reuniting with his parents in Brentwood.
“When they feel that someone is not following gang rules, they will use violence to address it.
“My mother told me: ‘You’d better take him.
Michael told his girlfriend’s mother, Irma, that he was uncomfortable with the gang presence in the hallways at school.
According to Irma, Alex knew gang signs and taught them to Michael.
Keywords:  ['irma', 'jorge', 'mother', 'murders', 'suburbs', 'father', 'michael', 'justin', 'told', 'school', 'alex', 'gang']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThroughout history, American presidents have declared it their job to protect and advance the interests of the United States and its citizens.
President Trump has shoehorned that wholesome, uncontroversial idea into a narrow-minded, exclusionary governing platform that’s likely to alienate much of the world while hurting the very people whose cause he claims to uphold.
In his campaign, his Inaugural Address and, most recently, his speech to Congress, Mr. Trump has proudly embraced the isolationist “America First” rallying cry from the 1930s while rejecting the internationalism of his predecessors.
The word “democracy” did not appear in Mr. Trump’s speech, something that should have been central to this address.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyOne retreat from world leadership can be seen in Mr. Trump’s proposal to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid by as much as 37 percent.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'island', 'peace', 'nato', 'president', 'represent', 'trumps', 'mentality', 'mr', 'united', 'allies', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  First Words In These Lying Times, ‘Receipts’ Offer a Glimmer of Justice Image Credit Photo illustration by Derek BrahneyKeeping up with the truth has become a miserable business.
According to The Washington Post’s “Fact Checker,” President Trump made 836 false or misleading claims in his first six months as president.
Wesley Morris is a critic at large for The New York Times and a staff writer for the magazine.
Sign up for our newsletter to get the best of The New York Times Magazine delivered to your inbox every week.
* Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services.
Keywords:  ['kind', 'trump', 'way', 'weinstein', 'times', 'president', 'receipt', 'glimmer', 'receipts', 'offer', 'talking', 'lying', 'justice', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And Mr. Trump has praised Ms. Yellen’s performance: During her four years, unemployment has fallen sharply, inflation has remained low and the economy is growing.
“You like to make your own mark,” Mr. Trump said last week, by way of explanation.
In choosing Mr. Powell, however, Mr. Trump would be resisting pressure by conservatives to make a larger mark on the Fed’s management of the economy.
Mr. Powell, by contrast, has voted for every Fed policy decision since 2012, although he expressed some reservations in internal debates about the extent of those efforts.
A survey of 144 investors conducted by Evercore ISI found that they expected that Mr. Powell would push rates modestly higher than Ms. Yellen over time.
Keywords:  ['jerome', 'trump', 'fed', 'chairman', 'regulation', 'reading', 'powell', 'president', 'expected', 'economics', 'policy', 'mr', 'senate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The plan, which has been nicknamed “skinny repeal,” would eliminate the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate, the employer mandate and a tax on medical devices, at least for a few years.
The individual mandate forces Americans who go without health insurance to pay a tax penalty.
But many independent analysts have concluded that, without a mandate, health insurance would become more expensive and cover fewer people.
With the nudge of a mandate, more healthy people tend to buy insurance, reducing the average cost of coverage.
Without one, the theory goes, mostly sick people buy insurance, and premiums rise to cover that sicker pool.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'health', 'repeal', 'plan', 'buy', 'clash', 'individual', 'medicaid', 'promises', 'republicans', 'skinny', 'mandate', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'unloved']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThe heartwarming drones — as opposed to the “Top Gun” annihilators — also come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
The humanitarian award goes, hands down, to the Zipline, a small drone being used in Rwanda to transport blood and medicine through the jungles during the rainy season.
It was a TDD, which stands for Target Drone, Denny, and it had a Hollywood connection.
The line between present and future is thin in the drone world.
Alas, the prototype, which the exhibition curators failed to secure, crashed, but other drones have entered the breach.
Keywords:  ['rescue', 'exhibition', 'world', 'war', 'drones', 'entertain', 'yes', 'kill', 'small', 'denny', 'white', 'research', 'balloon', 'video', 'drone']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Nor is Mr. Rohrabacher, a self-proclaimed veteran of international intrigue, all that perturbed by the interest of federal and congressional investigators.
PhotoThe story of Mr. Rohrabacher’s transformation from Cold Warrior to pro-Putinist is well worn.
For Mr. Rohrabacher, who claims to have lost a drunken arm-wrestling match to Mr. Putin in the 1990s, the era of good feelings never really ended.
Mr. Assange denies the accusation, and Mr. Rohrabacher hoped to broker a meeting with Mr. Trump to allow him to make his case.
The chairman has not imposed a blanket ban on Mr. Rohrabacher’s travel or power to convene hearings, nor has he stripped Mr. Rohrabacher of his subcommittee chairmanship.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'rohrabacher', 'meeting', 'republican', 'committee', 'russia', 'rohrabachers', 'hes', 'likes', 'kremlin', 'russian', 'member', 'mr', 'code', 'gave', 'remember', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
There is a big inconvenient fact about conservative health care proposals, as Ross Douthat notes in his latest column: Virtually no real-world successful example exists.
View all New York Times newsletters.
The question is whether a market-oriented approach will work when it’s expanded to an entire health care system.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyI think of it as the Snuffleupagus question: Is the conservative belief in free-market health care a fantasy?
Keywords:  ['reading', 'snuffleupagus', 'question', 'health', 'times', 'today', 'newsletter', 'sign', 'receive', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Jed Shugerman, a law professor at Fordham, wrote a blog post urging Mr. Tillman to issue a correction.
Mr. Tillman took none of this lightly.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“I was wrong to suggest that Tillman misused sources, and I was wrong to question his credibility,” Professor Shugerman wrote.
“Even the Department of Justice agrees.”She is right that the cases are very unlikely to turn on Mr. Tillman’s arguments.
Mr. Tillman’s plea, though, was probably addressed to an audience wider than a single judge.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'lonely', 'defends', 'tillmans', 'storm', 'professor', 'clause', 'document', 'evidence', 'wrote', 'shugerman', 'tillman', 'mr', 'legal', 'scholar', 'igniting', 'unusual', 'ideas', 'hamilton']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Alexander, the chairman of the Senate Health Committee, said he received a telephone call on Wednesday from the president.
Mr. Trump “intends to review it carefully to see if he wants to add anything to it,” Mr. Alexander said of the Senate plan.
Mr. Trump says he still supports longer-range efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with block grants to the states.
Such big changes would not take effect until 2020 or 2021, Mr. Alexander said, offering a warning against creating “chaos” in the meantime.
“What does chaos do?” Mr. Alexander asked.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'alexander', 'health', 'payments', 'federal', 'plan', 'subsidies', 'pulls', 'senate', 'deal', 'mr', 'insurance', 'fund']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In New York City’s elite social circles, Trump was persona non grata.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe elites who had rejected Trump were now the rejected class.
No matter your politics, Trump’s first weeks in office have been a disaster, as his rush to action, lack of focus and absence of acuity have led him to calamitous missteps and conspiratorial misstatements.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn January, Trump oversold again in an interview with The Washington Post about what he would deliver.
Donald Trump has sold his supporters — and by extension, this country — a ticket to hell.
Keywords:  ['hell', 'trump', 'ticket', 'reading', 'politics', 'main', 'trumps', 'sign', 'oversold', 'presidential', 'social', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And by the way, why is labor in Mexico cheaper than in America?
It forced some assembly line shutdowns at U.S. auto companies, like Ford, because their supply chains stretched to Mexico and Canada.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
And if Trump forces all these U.S.-based multinationals to move operations from Mexico back to the U.S., what will that do?
Help tank the Mexican economy so more Mexicans will try to come north, and raise the costs for U.S. manufacturers.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'north', 'labor', 'connecting', 'dots', 'america', 'trumps', 'sign', 'trying', 'mexican', 'syria', 'mexico', 'security']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And like a lot of Republicans, he only grudgingly supported Mr. Trump’s candidacy.
That left him with almost all of Mr. Trump’s baggage and few potential benefits.
Mr. Northam had a résumé that fit the profile of his state.
That does not mean the friction between the institutional party Democrats and those in the Bernie Sanders wing will fade.
Mr. Northam defeated former Representative Tom Perriello, who was favored by progressives.
Keywords:  ['elections', 'democrats', 'republican', 'state', 'white', 'takeaways', 'party', 'trumps', 'virginia', 'tuesdays', 'key', 'voters', 'mr', 'northam']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.”Border apprehensions Data available at the time of the statement –40% Jan. 2017 to Feb. 2017 30,000 0 Obama Trump Border apprehensions Data available at the time of the statement –40% Jan. 2017 to Feb. 2017 30,000 0 Obama TrumpThis is true.
That 40 percent monthly drop is unprecedented, but it is a slight stretch.
Changes in border apprehensions — the best gauge of border crossing — are seasonal, so experts recommend looking at year over year changes (by that metric, Trump still would have looked good, but the decline from February 2016 was 28 percent).
Keywords:  ['numbers', 'trump', '40', 'apprehensions', 'border', 'illegal', 'obama', 'statement', 'crossings', 'exaggerates', 'jan', 'feb', '2017', 'unprecedented']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Strikingly, Mr. Trump’s budget would increase the share of the nation’s economic output the federal government collects each year.
Mr. Trump’s budget projects that the government would collect 18.43 percent — even after a proposed tax cut.
Under Mr. Trump’s budget, the debt would decline from 76.7 percent of annual economic output in 2018 to 59.8 percent of annual economic output in 2027.
Mr. Trump’s budget sheds little new light on the main planks of his legislative agenda.
Even less specificity was offered on the tax plan, which Mr. Trump’s economic team has promised will become law by the end of this year.
Keywords:  ['budget', 'trump', 'tax', 'growth', 'federal', 'economic', 'trumps', 'come', 'wishes', 'true', 'mr', 'billion', 'works', 'spending']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  — Walid in Hungary, reacting to an article about Hosni Mubarak’s release from a Cairo hospital where he was detained for six years.
— Jaci Wiley on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about the link between poor dietary choices and the more than 600,000 deaths from cardiovascular disease in the United States each year.
— Kris Fleming on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about a white Army veteran who stabbed a black man in Manhattan.
— Rebecca Tchernoff on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about Norway being named the happiest country this year.
— Melissa Rodas on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about Energy Secretary Rick Perry’s op-ed in The Houston Chronicle criticizing the outcome of a student body election at Texas A&M University.
Keywords:  ['article', 'food', 'timess', 'politics', 'man', 'country', 'reacting', 'felt', 'going', 'facebook', 'page', 'responding', 'personal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Stupidly, the left is playing its part in this crackup, perhaps ensuring that Trump will stay in office.
As Newt Gingrich, a master demagogue himself, said, “He intuits how he can polarize.”Trump opened the door to overt expressions of hatred.
The investment adviser Marc Faber recently made this observation in his newsletter: “Thank God white people populated America, and not the blacks.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
A majority of whites say that discrimination exists against whites, even though a majority have not personally experienced it.
Keywords:  ['view', 'race', 'whites', 'national', 'united', 'white', 'obama', 'sign', 'crackup', 'tweets', 'newsletter', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “It’s going to be very hard to come in,” Mr. Trump said.
“It’s a disaster, what’s happening there,” Mr. Trump said.
It is an aggressive use of presidential power that follows through on the nationalistic vision Mr. Trump presented during his presidential campaign.
But Mr. Trump, whose campaign rallies were filled with chants from his supporters of “build the wall,” has vowed to go much further.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“We are going to get the bad ones out — the criminals and the drug dealers and gangs and gang members,” Mr. Trump said.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'wall', 'mexico', 'states', 'border', 'built', 'plans', 'president', 'united', 'unauthorized', 'refugees', 'mexican', 'block', 'mr', 'orders', 'syrian', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Just 80 small farms and closely held businesses are expected to pay an estate tax in 2017, the center, a right-leaning think tank, projected.
Last month, top Senate Democrats said they would work to block any rewrite of the tax code that includes a repeal of the estate tax.
Although most Republicans have long opposed the estate tax, some have expressed skepticism about its elimination.
Senator Susan Collins, the Republican from Maine, has also expressed doubts about repealing the estate tax in the past.
Republicans could face pressure to keep the estate tax in place if their tax rewrite, which has yet to be detailed in its entirety, is seen as skewed toward the rich and not doing enough to help the middle class.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'rich', 'help', 'republican', 'estates', 'repeal', 'month', 'mr', 'expressed', 'center', 'mnuchin', 'estate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  CANTERBURY, New South Wales — Sydney, it seems, has re-embraced fusion.
One of those is Pazar Food Collective, a neighborhood restaurant in the South-western suburb of Canterbury, which serves food inspired by both Turkey and Mexico.
Pazar not only manages to fit comfortably into the canon of New Australian restaurants, but also gives a glimmer of forward momentum in that genre.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
He decided to fulfill a longstanding desire to learn more about Mexico’s food, traveling to Los Angeles and Sonora, Mexico.
Keywords:  ['suburban', 'sydney', 'cooking', 'restaurants', 'embrace', 'restaurant', 'food', 'fusion', 'room', 'sign', 'pazar', 'canterbury', 'mexico', 'subscribe', 'newsletter', 'collective', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Under the House bill, The Times has found, about half of middle-class families would pay more in taxes in 2026.
It projected that the Senate bill would increase gross domestic product by 3.7 percent over the next decade and raise wages by 2.9 percent across the economy.
For taxpayers earning more than $1 million a year, the Senate bill offers a more limited upside and downside than the House bill.
The Senate bill differs sharply from the House version in its approach to cutting taxes on businesses.
The Senate bill includes features that would make its plan more favorable to the middle class.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'analysis', 'plan', 'middleclass', 'income', 'earning', 'house', 'senate', 'increase', 'families', 'workers', 'taxes']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  To the Editor:Re “Don’t Try to Fix Obamacare.
Abolish It” (Op-Ed, March 16):What Erick-Woods Erickson describes as a solution to our health care problems is exactly what we had before the Affordable Care Act, except that the reality was nothing like the outcome he describes.
“Unleashing free-market competition” meant that many of us could not even get health insurance because of pre-existing conditions.
When we were able to get it, premiums went up each year so that after a few years we’d be forced to start shopping for a new plan, usually with ridiculously high deductibles.
Many of us stayed in dead-end jobs for years just to keep our health insurance.
Keywords:  ['went', 'health', 'usually', 'situationmary', 'start', 'stayed', 'going', 'try', 'solution', 'care', 'backward', 'shopping']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Instead, Asian enrollments soared and with that came white resentment at both “the hordes of Asians” at places like the University of California, Los Angeles, and an admissions process that stressed grades over other criteria.
That white resentment simply found a new target for its ire is no coincidence; white identity is often defined by its sense of being ever under attack, with the system stacked against it.
That’s why Mr. Trump’s policies are not aimed at ameliorating white resentment, but deepening it.
In the end, white resentment is so myopic and selfish that it cannot see that when the larger nation is thriving, whites are, too.
Instead, it favors policies and politicians that may make America white again, but also hobbled and weakened, a nation that has squandered its greatest assets — its people and its democracy.
Keywords:  ['latinos', 'university', 'whites', 'resentment', 'white', 'scores', 'admissions', 'mr', 'college', 'texas', 'policies']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It’s good, for sure, but “it’s not 200 percent ‘Oh, my God, it’s great to be back to civilization,’” Ms. Colin said.
“I’m 18 years older, and this is a different city,” Ms. Colin said.
“I had to do what all the magazines say: get rid of stuff,” Ms. Colin said.
But no to the wicker furniture that a hung-over Ms. Colin bought years ago at a garage sale.
So, it seems, is Ms. Colin.
Keywords:  ['ms', 'way', 'colin', 'actress', 'apartment', 'yes', 'bought', 'brooklynborn', 'montclair', 'television', 'mr', 'rediscovers', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Conservatives who claim rule of law are #fakenews.”Such reactions to Mr. Trump’s pardon reflect the enduring outrage over Mr. Arpaio’s actions as the longtime sheriff of Maricopa County, which encompasses Phoenix.
Before his ouster by voters in November, Mr. Arpaio gained notoriety as an immigration hard-liner and one of Mr. Trump’s most prominent supporters in the Southwest.
View all New York Times newsletters.
But Mr. Arpaio, 85, was also found guilty of criminal contempt just weeks ago in connection to a case that has caused tempers to flare in Arizona, and around the country, for the past decade.
Plaintiffs claimed that Mr. Arpaio regularly violated the rights of Latinos by racially profiling and detaining them.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'latinos', 'times', 'outrage', 'pardon', 'sign', 'trumps', 'express', 'mr', 'united', 'violated', 'arpaio', 'pardons', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Does it trouble you it took this committee to look at the authentic nature of the users and the content?” Mr. Burr asked Facebook’s general counsel.
Political ads are just part of the problem, Mr. Warner said at Wednesday’s first hearing.
However, these ads are just the tip of a very large iceberg,” Mr. Warner said.
Earlier this week, Twitter, Facebook and Google revealed new information and numbers showing that foreign interference on their site was worse than they first reported.
The House intelligence committee is expected on Wednesday to publicly release much-anticipated copies of Facebook ads purchased by Russian-linked accounts.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'reading', 'intelligence', 'warner', 'social', 'releases', 'content', 'main', 'ads', 'continue', 'russian', 'house', 'twitter', 'mr', 'facebook', 'committee', 'media', 'incendiary']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It was unclear what Mr. Kushner, who has been expanding his reach in his father-in-law’s administration, planned to gain from the trip.
Mr. Kushner, 36, who serves as a senior adviser to Mr. Trump, was invited by Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The general invited Mr. Kushner and Mr. Bossert to accompany him “to receive an update on the status of the counter-ISIS campaign in Iraq and Syria,” Captain Hicks said.
Mr. Trump has repeatedly turned to Mr. Kushner as an envoy to foreign leaders, at times creating a parallel structure to the one led by Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson.
The president has also charged Mr. Kushner, who has no previous government or diplomatic experience, with a vague edict to establish peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
Keywords:  ['officials', 'chairman', 'kushner', 'chiefs', 'iraq', 'invitation', 'trump', 'jared', 'president', 'trumps', 'joint', 'mr', 'visits', 'hicks', 'presidents', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there.
Or if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to play the latest episode and learn more about the app.
Or if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'phone', 'floor', 'daily', 'episode', 'senate', 'subscribe', 'play', 'youre', 'player', 'flash', 'tap']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The journalism that Mr. Trump and his aides seek to delegitimize today could be the legitimate research and bipartisan data points they try to use to make policy arguments with Mr. Trump tomorrow.
But it fell short of the full-throated “knock it off” to Mr. Trump that these times demand, at least when it comes to calling true journalism false or calling journalists dishonest enemies.
View all New York Times newsletters.
None of it stopped The Washington Post from reporting on Friday that presidential aides, after failing to convince the F.B.I.
“We need to be taking this very seriously — any time you undermine the press, I think that’s very dangerous for democracy,” Mr. Schieffer said.
Keywords:  ['went', 'aides', 'trump', 'democracy', 'times', 'real', 'reporting', 'trumps', 'stand', 'continue', 'press', 'mr', 'lovers', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoRemember that little booklet Paul Ryan used to wave around with the Republicans’ insipidly branded economic agenda, “A Better Way”?
Now Democrats have an agenda called “A Better Deal.”This semantic similarity neatly encapsulates how scarce better ways and better deals have been in this gridlocked Congress.
The agenda Democrats began rolling out on Monday actually shares some ideas — job training, lowering drug prices, help for working families — with the Republicans’ stated but so far unrealized priorities.
Meanwhile, Mr. Trump’s campaign promise for a $1 trillion infrastructure overhaul, a job-creation effort Democrats are eager to talk about, goes nowhere.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['possible', 'trump', 'democrats', 'help', 'art', 'times', 'agenda', 'sign', 'republicans', 'better', 'effort', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But if his administration’s health care approach teaches us anything, it is that he has no positive agenda for addressing them.
The Republican health plan would make America’s economic chasm worse.
The Republican plan will fuel cynicism.
You can come up with innovative ways to deliver state services, like affordable health care, but you can’t just leave people on their own.
But to get there we’ve got to live through this final health care debacle first.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'state', 'tax', 'health', 'plan', 'market', 'crises', 'crackup', 'social', 'net', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Late Night Offers ComparisonsAfter it was revealed that President Trump had an undisclosed conversation with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia during the G-20 summit meeting, late-night hosts found themselves resorting to a range of similes.
does get on parole, and immediately goes glove shopping.” — STEPHEN COLBERT “If there’s a perception of you that you’re colluding with Russia, just don’t have a private conversation with the president of Russia.
And by the way, why did you have season tickets to the petting zoo anyway?
This is why questions are raised about you, man.’” — TREVOR NOAH “Is this your idea of playing it cool?
Keywords:  ['impeachment', 'sleaze', 'trump', 'tickets', 'russia', 'zoo', 'burger', 'pounder', 'plan', 'president', 'youre', 'gops', 'colbert', 'quarter', 'think', 'turns']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The health care debate almost certainly will continue deep into July, when Congress will face other pressing issues, including raising the government’s statutory borrowing limit.
But that plan was blown up quickly in January when Mr. Trump publicly demanded that a replacement be adopted simultaneously.
Since then, Mr. McConnell and Speaker Paul D. Ryan have choreographed a complicated legislative dance that would fulfill Mr. Trump’s repeal-and-replace wishes.
A spokeswoman for Mr. McConnell declined to comment on the president’s tweet.
But as senators tried to come to agreement, Mr. Trump effectively added a distraction.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'later', 'warms', 'law', 'health', 'old', 'kill', 'repeal', 'idea', 'replace', 'mr', 'republicans', 'senate', 'mcconnell', 'insurance', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Monday, Trump said: “As you know, the border was a tremendous problem and they’re close to 80 percent stoppage.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
According to The New York Times, “The retracted article, citing law enforcement sources, said Mr. Rich had shared thousands of D.N.C.
It would implicate the White House in a most callous lie and it would further make laughable the “News” in “Fox News.”All politicians try to manage news coverage and messages.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'russia', 'fake', 'times', 'president', 'white', 'feasting', 'sign', 'house', 'try', 'false', 'policies', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The move by Mr. McCain, whose “no” vote against an earlier iteration of a health care repeal bill killed that effort in July, dealt yet another setback to Mr. Trump’s effort to fulfill his promise to do away with Barack Obama’s signature health care law.
But while Mr. Trump hopes she will support the bill, the governor of Alaska, Bill Walker, an independent, opposes it and has said he has communicated his concerns to Ms. Murkowski.
A spokeswoman for Ms. Murkowski, Karina Petersen, said on Saturday: “Senator Murkowski has seen the president’s tweet but is still analyzing the bill and waiting to hear from C.B.O.
She understands that premiums have risen, the toll that is taking on many Alaskans, and the need for health care reform.
“Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a ‘moment of courage,’” Mr. Trump wrote.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'republican', 'health', 'laces', 'murkowski', 'vote', 'mccain', 'opposition', 'senator', 'support', 'mr', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Their collection will soon depart for San Francisco, a donation to the Mexican Museum, a Smithsonian affiliate scheduled to open in 2019.
TRUDY A piece by Luis Valencia Mendoza of Eve in the Garden of Eden as a single mother, without Adam.
What is the most unromantic aspect of collecting Mexican folk art?
ALAN I was walking on a broken sidewalk in Zihuatanejo carrying folk art in both hands, then tripped and fell.
I dislocated my arm as I was trying to protect the folk art.
Keywords:  ['josefina', 'world', 'art', 'village', 'piece', 'artist', 'took', 'taxi', 'continue', 'work', 'mexican', 'folk', 'youre', 'colors', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['trump', '2017', 'nuclear', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'deal', 'performers', 'iran', 'great', 'hates']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWASHINGTON — Most people think of the term “bailout,” as a political pejorative, often involving hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars being funneled to failing companies.
It’s now become one of President Trump’s oft-repeated rhetorical cudgels against the Affordable Care Act and federal payments to insurance companies.
In April, the president accused Democrats of wanting to “bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare.” In July, he threatened to end “BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies” if Congress did not repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
The funds Mr. Trump now refers to, on the other hand, are more accurately characterized as a reimbursement that the government pays to the insurance companies.
The Congressional Budget Office estimated in January that the payments would amount to $10 billion this fiscal year and reach $135 billion over the next decade.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'trump', 'misleading', 'calling', 'payments', 'troubled', 'financial', 'bailout', 'affordable', 'act', 'mr', 'reduction', 'billion', 'insurance', 'care', 'costsharing']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
Or watch the television shows, read the writers and listen to the politicians who tend to be on your side.
In my column today, I urge both Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, and her critics to consider evidence that runs counter to their pre-existing beliefs.
I hope DeVos will be open to the evidence showing that school vouchers have largely been a failure, and I hope progressives will be open to the evidence showing the many successes of charter schools.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWorking on the column led me to ask which of my own pre-existing beliefs I am willing to question.
Keywords:  ['showing', 'vouchers', 'uncertainty', 'today', 'column', 'confess', 'beliefs', 'preexisting', 'political', 'devos', 'hope', 'open', 'evidence']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Those who say the consumer bureau is a rogue agency often take issue with its leadership structure and financial independence.
Congress holds the consumer bureau accountable in several ways, as outlined by the Consumer Federation of America.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe consumer bureau is also required to coordinate with other financial regulators in the rule-making process, and their objections must be included in the record.
The claim that the consumer bureau “doesn’t add much at all to consumer protection” is inaccurate.
Ms. Block-Lieb called the criticism of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau doing little “absurd.”“Are they perfect?
Keywords:  ['regulators', 'ineffective', 'oversight', 'does', 'unaccountable', 'financial', 'consumer', 'bureau', 'little', 'rule', 'agency', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “Life Along the U.S.-Mexico Border” (news feature, Feb. 9):I have traveled the roughly 2,000 miles of the border and have witnessed every section of the wall up close.
I have visited with dozens of people along the way and crossed at every crossing.
I have learned these truths:The border wall is ineffective except for killing the poorest migrants and wildlife.
Instead of keeping us safe, our wall sends a message to our southern allies that we have closed off all communication.
Any talk of a new wall serves only to underline our lack of imagination for solving problems collaboratively.
Keywords:  ['usmexico', 'wall', 'california', 'beach', 'border', 'migrants', 'mayor', 'writer', 'mexico', 'way', 'beautiful', 'tijuana']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Of course, Trump and Congress could make many of their political troubles go away — if only they didn’t care so much about cutting taxes on the wealthy.
Many responses to my column on driverless cars focused on their potential benefits for the elderly and disabled.
But in the end, when most cars are driverless, it will be the human-piloted vehicles that will make headlines when they crash.”
Keywords:  ['trump', 'plays', 'vehicles', 'viviana', 'driverless', 'whackatax', 'times', 'wrote', 'sign', 'continue', 'try', 'families', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  His impulses to break traditions of diplomacy and restraint may be destructive to the nation, but will protect Mr. Trump himself.
Mr. Trump’s most keen sense is what is best for him; his cavalier disregard for political norms made him popular as a candidate from the beginning.
No matter the damage they cause, Mr. Trump’s divergences from custom are only to support his personal interests.
Mr. Trump has enough power as it is — citizens need not walk on eggshells to resist his policies and presidency.
willingly ignores Mr. Trump’s bigoted behavior and its own hypocrisy, whether it be regarding inflammatory comments or threats toward the Constitution.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'view', 'oct', 'president', 'high', 'trumps', 'mr', 'media', '1712th', 'grade', 'teenagers', 'school']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In the space of 10 minutes, the president said seven times that “we have the votes” on health care.
I’m not hospitalized, but am recuperating at home in Mississippi and look forward to returning to work soon,” Mr. Cochran said on Twitter.
Yet Mr. Trump said that statements issued by Ms. Murkowski and others showed that Republicans had nearly enough votes.
As journalists asked Mr. Trump about other issues like taxes, the N.F.L.
That’s O.K.’’Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIt was also not clear what bipartisan health care bill Mr. Trump had in mind.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'republican', 'insists', 'health', 'repeal', 'cochran', 'giving', 'mr', 'votes', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
So what is Senator Corker’s responsibility now, given the crucial role that he and other eminent Republicans played in making Trump seem normal enough to win the presidency?
Keywords:  ['liked', 'trump', 'talk', 'world', 'times', 'today', 'corker', 'sign', 'senator', 'youre', 'newsletter', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  We’re interested in your feedback on this page.
Tell us what you think.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'gop', 'feedback', 'page', 'tell', 'think', 'interested']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump said he got many votes from supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Sanders hold similar positions on global trade, but there’s no evidence that huge swaths of voters who supported Mr. Sanders voted for Mr. Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Trump said the Affordable Care Act took health care coverage away from people.
The United States has the most sophisticated naval fleet in the world, with 10 aircraft carriers compared with Russia’s one.
Mr. Trump referred to a nonexistent terrorist attack in Sweden during a Feb. 18 campaign rally in Florida, baffling an entire nation.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'blasts', 'number', 'paris', 'fake', 'check', 'health', 'states', 'cpac', 'united', 'million', 'mrs', 'mr', 'claims', 'repeats', 'care', 'fact', 'inaccurate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWhat goes around comes around, and on Tuesday, karma came for President Trump and his Republican acolytes.
If Mr. Carman does it again, it will be as a private citizen.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Virginia’s lieutenant governor, Ralph Northam, beat an ugly campaign of Trumpian immigrant bashing and Confederate nostalgia run by his Republican opponent, Ed Gillespie.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'opponent', 'message', 'reading', 'jersey', 'campaign', 'times', 'sign', 'mr', 'carman', 'better', 'county', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But the Nassau County Sheriff’s Department said it was one of the first localities in the nation to agree to accept administrative warrants from the agency.
Jon Collins, a spokesman for the Hennepin County Sheriff’s Office, said ICE had not issued a correction or an apology for its description of the county’s cooperation.
The detainer gives the agency up to 48 hours to look into the person’s immigration status and, where appropriate, begin deportation procedures.
The weekly reports are part of Mr. Trump’s get-tough policies on illegal immigration.
Mr. Trump has also directed the Department of Homeland Security to publicize crimes by undocumented immigrants, strip such immigrants of privacy protections, enlist local police officers as enforcers, build new detention facilities, discourage asylum seekers and, ultimately, speed up deportations.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'office', 'inmates', 'reports', 'administration', 'cooperation', 'sheriffs', 'undocumented', 'ice', 'county', 'halts', 'city', 'immigrants', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Kathleen Sebelius, Mr. Obama’s first secretary of health and human services, will soon embark on a monthlong bus tour designed to pressure members of Congress to oppose the health care law’s repeal.
The aides insist they are just one part of a broader liberal network that has been organically animated by anger about the Republican efforts to repeal the health care law.
Part of that strategy involved a public effort to broadly portray the Republican repeal effort as a threat to people’s existing health care choices.
“Senator Capito just broke her promise by casting the deciding vote to repeal our health care,” the narrator says.
Still, the former aides to Mr. Obama said they did not intend to drop their guard.
Keywords:  ['aides', 'republican', 'health', 'lead', 'repeal', 'vote', 'obama', 'obamas', 'opposition', 'mr', 'care', 'services', 'effort']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He insisted that he was the one who rescued Mr. Ball’s son, and he chided Mr. Ball for refusing to give Mr. Trump the due he felt he deserved.
“All Americans should be proud to stand up, salute that flag, salute that anthem and be part of that process.”Polls suggest that many agree with Mr. Trump.
In some ways, Mr. Ball and Mr. Trump are made for each other: two publicity-seeking individuals who rarely shy away from a good verbal fight.
They say it echoes what they view as an obsession by Mr. Trump on sports figures who are black.
Mr. Trump has excoriated the N.F.L.
Keywords:  ['africanamerican', 'trump', 'ball', 'say', 'revisits', 'figures', 'players', 'president', 'son', 'grievances', 'trumps', 'mr', 'rant', 'twitter', 'presidents']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Customs are the punctuation marks of republican politics, the silent guides we follow without pausing to consider their authority.
When Mr. Trump drains language of its normal meaning, the law can do nothing about it.
There is no way to formalize conventions of maturity and dignity for presidents.
Mr. Trump’s prodigious abuse of language violates the custom according to which presidents use words to convey serious meanings.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhen he violates such customs, Mr. Trump is at his most impulsive and self-destructive.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'custom', 'way', 'words', 'law', 'disruption', 'president', 'sign', 'mr', 'united', 'language', 'presidents', 'selfdestructive']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoAny doubts about the senseless cruelty underlying the health care agenda put forward by President Trump and Congress were put to rest last week by two government documents.
The other was the Congressional Budget Office’s detailed analysis of the Trumpcare bill passed by the House earlier this month.
The analysis said that Trumpcare — formally the American Health Care Act — would rob 23 million people of health insurance while leaving millions of others with policies that offer little protection from major medical conditions.
says, would make it impossible for millions of people with pre-existing conditions like heart disease or diabetes to buy health insurance.
In effect, Mr. Ryan and his colleagues are patting themselves on the back for lowering health insurance premiums by taking away people’s access to medical services.
Keywords:  ['budget', 'tax', 'millions', 'health', 'law', 'times', 'trumpcares', 'reaffirmed', 'sign', 'cruelty', 'insurance', 'care', 'trumpcare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But yes, it matters too, just as Trump’s obsession with Obama and Clinton matters.
Also, his public trolling of Attorney General Jeff Sessions matters.
The fact that he’s enraged at Sessions for taking the appropriate ethical step and recusing himself from the Russia investigation matters.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'sessions', 'life', 'times', 'matters', 'trumps', 'sign', 'came', 'tell', 'gave', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  North Korea’s nuclear facilities are “hot,” and bombing them could have untold consequences in terms of radioactivity.
And to make it more interesting, the model that Trump should follow, argues Litwak, is the nuclear deal that Obama struck with Iran, which Trump once described as “the worst deal ever negotiated.”Think again.
So Obama negotiated what Litwak calls a “purely transactional” deal — Iran agreed to a 15-year halt on processing weapons-usable fissile material in return for significant sanctions relief, and no other behaviors were covered.
“It would be a transactional deal that constrains North Korea’s capabilities and buys time for a transformation, just like the Iran deal did,” says Litwak.
And China might finally be willing to help with this deal, because freezing North Korea’s nuclear capability would likely forestall China’s rivals — Japan and South Korea — from getting nukes of their own.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'litwak', 'north', 'nuclear', 'koreas', 'donald', 'korea', 'deal', 'transactional', 'bomb', 'iran']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  President Trump is to visit Las Vegas on Wednesday, but today he will tour hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThat’s according to a 320-page accounting of his daily schedule that was obtained by The Times.
In today’s show, we discuss the tragedies in Las Vegas and Puerto Rico.
Most of the hosts addressed the mass shooting in Las Vegas and the role of guns in American society.
“He was looking down and seeing what was going on and said, ‘Just get out of there — he’s not in the venue, he’s here.’ ”— Cindy McAfee, who attended Sunday’s concert in Las Vegas.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'trump', 'reading', 'rights', 'tom', 'briefing', 'fence', 'main', 'daily', 'las', 'vegas', 'petty', 'rico', 'diplomats']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Despite the public displays of unity with the speaker, Mr. Trump and his team now regret outsourcing so much of the early drafting to Mr. Ryan.
In an interview with The New York Times on Friday, Mr. Trump asserted that the administration was “rocking.” The problem, he suggested, was divisions among Republicans.
There are “a lot of players, a lot of players with a very different mind-set,” Mr. Trump said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“We all learned a lot — we learned a lot about loyalty,” a solemn Mr. Trump told reporters late Friday.
The dynamic that led to his defeat is bigger than Mr. Trump, despite his tendency to personalize every win or loss.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'republican', 'war', 'gop', 'health', 'president', 'ensnared', 'white', 'party', 'trumps', 'mr', 'civil', 'care', 'fiery']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  _____Photo• The rebel army in Syria was already a shell by the time President Trump decided last month to shut down a covert U.S. program to arm and train the rebels.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
[The New York Times]• Brazilian lawmakers voted against putting President Michel Temer on trial on corruption charges.
Al Jazeera (“the Peninsula” in Arabic) refers to the Arabian Peninsula, comprising seven Arab nations in southwest Asia.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyYour Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'al', 'reading', 'russia', 'temer', 'times', 'president', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'sign', 'continue', 'michel', 'jazeera', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The expedition led by Mr. Castro in 1956 had set sail from Mexico, and Mexico would defend Cuba from the United States through diplomacy.
And when Mexican guerrillas seized planes and flew them to Cuba, Mr. Castro either immediately returned the hijackers or imprisoned them.
By then, the Communist Party had merged into the Mexican Socialist Party.
That party put Mr. Cárdenas up as the candidate of the left in the presidential elections of 1988.
Yet one more time, the Mexican Revolution had absorbed and transformed (and sidelined) the Russian Revolution.
Keywords:  ['cárdenas', 'mexico', 'pri', 'revolution', 'party', 'castro', 'mr', 'communist', 'tale', 'mexican', 'left', 'revolutions']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
Please upgrade your browser.
Keywords:  ['read', 'earlier', 'adcocks', 'longer', 'browser', 'supports', 'internet', 'upgrade', 'nytimescom', 'agreement', 'rebeckah', 'explorer', 'ethics']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Seen-it-all veterans may take Mr. Trump’s recent statements with a few grains of salt.
But two former White House officials turned pundits, David Axelrod and Robert Reich, warned of creeping autocracy.
Mr. Trump may be threatening a crackdown, but his team’s courtship of the news media goes on.
On Thursday, the White House press office emailed reporters an invitation for a traditional Halloween party.
“All White House press corps are invited to bring their children to the event.”
Keywords:  ['attacks', 'trump', 'president', 'telling', 'white', 'trust', 'trumps', 'press', 'mr', 'house', 'media', 'threats', 'escalation', 'schieffer']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This caught my eye because I made a similar point three years ago with regard to projections of labor supply reduction from Obamacare.
The point in each case is that while changes in taxes or transfers may induce changes in how much people work, when you assess these changes you have to bear in mind that, to a first approximation, workers are paid their marginal product.
This means that if increased transfers induce some people to work less, it also causes them to earn less, so that the rest of society isn’t any worse off; if lower taxes induce high earners to work more, it also means that they’re paid more, so that the rest of society doesn’t reap any of the gains.
Reminder: workers care about their welfare, not what happens to GDP.
Making the rich richer without trickle down does the rest of us no good.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'supply', 'rest', 'transfers', 'welfare', 'induce', 'changes', 'work', 'workers', 'revisited', 'care', 'taxes']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  There are good rules and there are dumb ones.
And their number is legion, from building safety to … health care.
Bret: On health care, the libertarian conceit that health care is just another marketplace where consumers can make their own choices according to their own tastes and budgets, as they might at Whole Foods or Walmart, is silly.
Gail: This liberal friend would say that Obamacare could quickly be repaired if the two sides worked together on it.
The most sensible answer is to have national health care for all.
Keywords:  ['im', 'say', 'health', 'good', 'ban', 'care', 'going', 'rules', 'way', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
Please upgrade your browser.
Keywords:  ['challenges', 'hit', 'environmental', 'successful', 'earlier', 'rollbacks', 'trumpera', 'longer', 'browser', 'supports', 'upgrade', 'legal', 'nytimescom', 'internet', 'explorer', 'roadblock']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “It just depends on the kind of wall that you want to build, and I don’t think we’ve settled yet on the actual construction,” Mr. Mulvaney said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show.
I don’t know what the answer is on the cost, but we will have one shortly.” Mr. Mulvaney orchestrated a government shutdown in 2013 as a Republican member of Congress.
Last month, the Trump administration indicated that it would increase military spending by $54 billion while cutting nonmilitary spending by the same amount.
Resistance to military spending increases from Republican fiscal hawks in the House could mean that some Democrats will be needed there, too.
Democrats flirted with a government shutdown over health benefits to retired miners last year before backing down at the last minute.
Keywords:  ['budget', 'mulvaney', 'trump', 'democrats', 'wall', 'spending', 'border', 'funding', 'party', 'military', 'mr', 'shutdown', 'turn', 'hint']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This option repeals the individual mandate and instead allows states to auto-enroll uninsured individuals in basic coverage.
This would bring more healthy people into the market to keep insurance affordable for those who are older or sick.
This is a critical part of the law that keeps insurance affordable for those who are older or sick.
The federal government would pay states 95 percent of the funding they would have received for subsidies under the A.C.A.
States would receive the money as grants or tax credits, and the money would be deposited into patients' health savings accounts to pay for health insurance.
Keywords:  ['money', 'tax', 'states', 'health', 'federal', 'coverage', 'affordable', 'option', 'aca', 'replace', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoIgnoring overwhelming public opposition to legislation that would destroy the Affordable Care Act, Senate Republicans voted on Tuesday to begin repealing that law without having any workable plan to replace it.
The majority leader, Mitch McConnell, browbeat and cajoled 50 members of his caucus to vote to begin a debate on health care without even telling the country which of several competing bills he wanted to pass.
The proposals vary in severity, but all of them would leave millions more people without health insurance and make medical care unaffordable for many low-income and middle-class families.
In a moment Tuesday that was almost surreal, Senator John McCain, back from surgery and a brain cancer diagnosis, said that Republicans were making a big mistake with their partisan approach to health care, among other subjects.
Another, the Obamacare Repeal Reconciliation Act, would eliminate important parts of the law without a replacement, stripping 32 million Americans of health insurance.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'law', 'health', 'senates', 'vote', 'repeal', 'insurance', 'proposals', 'senate', 'republicans', 'travesty', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I decide to hunt for “Fat City,” and Mr. Gardner, now 83 and living in Marin County, has agreed to hunt with me.
When Mr. Gardner was 7 or 8, he and his older sister caught rheumatic fever, and he missed two years of school.
“I got so that every day I’d be out there, 10 rounds on the bag,” Mr. Gardner says.
“I wanted to write a novel about a guy struggling in Skid Row with a poverty-stricken life,” he says.
Mr. Gardner, for his part, seems to have his eyes on invisible scenery, things he can see only in his memory.
Keywords:  ['skid', 'lido', 'california', 'gardner', 'stockton', 'wrote', 'row', 'fat', 'mr', 'hotel', 'building', 'way', 'city', 'finding', 'man']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Meanwhile, the U.S. spends far more on health care — an average of nearly $10,000 per person — than other countries do.
First, many Americans, including politicians, just don’t understand how poorly our health care system actually performs by international standards.
That leads to my second point: We need universal health care.
In Poland, Canada, Britain and virtually every other advanced democracy, there is a national health system, with single-payer coverage like Medicare for all.
Granted, there are deep underlying problems in the U.S. that complicate health care.
Keywords:  ['congresss', 'medicare', 'pay', 'reading', 'health', 'singlepayer', 'coverage', 'good', 'times', 'main', 'sign', 'tie', 'paychecks', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Three weeks after Hurricane Maria hit, 83 percent of Puerto Rico remains without power, and bottled water is scarce.
“Our country will stand with those American citizens in Puerto Rico until the job is done,” the White House Chief of Staff, John Kelly, said.
Watch highlights of a TimesTalk discussion with our executive editor, two White House correspondents and our media columnist.
In today’s show, one of our White House correspondents, Glenn Thrush, discusses a surprise news conference by the White House chief of staff, John Kelly.
Seth Meyers was indignant at the possibility the federal government might pull emergency workers from Puerto Rico: “It’s been three weeks!”• Quotation of the day.
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'reading', 'site', 'affordable', 'briefing', 'white', 'main', 'act', 'washington', 'continue', 'house', 'york', 'care', 'rico', 'chicago', 'cubs']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “You know what Cher said?” Ms. Griffin said onstage, shifting into an impression of her friend.
Even then, Ms. Griffin relied on highly personal revelations, often shameless and sexual and sprinkled with celebrity dust.
She also revealed Mr. Levin’s phone number and claimed that Mr. Cohen offered her cocaine twice (he has denied it).
After more than two hours, Ms. Griffin started telling a story about Mariah Carey when she froze, looked down and slumped, suddenly silent.
But counting out a force of nature like Ms. Griffin is a mistake.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'ms', 'crowd', 'griffins', 'shaken', 'wild', 'cohen', 'eve', 'griffin', 'onstage', 'mr', 'fainting', 'kathy', 'video', 'defiant', 'famous']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Will the end of the Kansas tax-cut experiment — hey, that’s what Brownback himself called it, although he refused to accept the crystal-clear results of that experiment — mark a turning point in U.S. politics?
For there was an idea, a theory, behind the Kansas tax cuts: the claim that cutting taxes on the wealthy would produce explosive economic growth.
When Obamacare was enacted, Republicans had some claims, almost a theory, about why it was a terrible idea.
The point is that what we’re seeing now is so bad, so cynical, that it makes the Kansas experiment looks like a model of idealism and honesty by comparison.
I don’t think we’re in Kansas anymore.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'point', 'expected', 'experience', 'idea', 'theory', 'republicans', 'whats', 'experiment', 'anymore', 'kansas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The song put Dirty Projectors at the forefront of the booming Brooklyn indie-rock scene, alongside simpatico acts like Vampire Weekend, Animal Collective and Grizzly Bear.
In 2013, after a year of intense touring to support Dirty Projectors’ assured sixth album, “Swing Lo Magellan,” Longstreth and Coffman split.
What was going on with Dirty Projectors?
Much of the music on “Dirty Projectors,” he told me, had come together in this way.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe friendship survived, and Koenig was among Longstreth’s sounding boards as he fine-tuned “Dirty Projectors” for release.
Keywords:  ['koenig', 'coffman', 'west', 'music', 'dirty', 'song', 'album', 'projectors', 'longstreth', 'work', 'solo']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “How does he feel about this whole Immortality Bus thing?” I asked.
“I have to admit,” I said, “I find this whole immortality thing difficult to get behind.
“I have never had a girlfriend.”Advertisement Continue reading the main story“You’re saving yourself for the sexbots?”He nodded slowly, shrewdly raising his eyebrows.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThere was no beauty in finitude, they replied, no meaning to be extracted from oblivion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThis was a thing that had been happening to me lately.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'life', 'horn', 'istvan', 'campaigning', 'main', 'miles', 'continue', 'immortality', 'coffinshaped', 'death', 'bus', 'thing', '600']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  America’s Wildest Place Is Open for BusinessThe upper Colville River and headwaters on Alaska's North Slope | Joel SartoreSeveral years ago a mapping expert pinpointed the most remote place in the Lower 48 states.
The reserve’s eastern border sits about 100 miles to the west of the more famous Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Beaufort Sea National petroleum reserve Bering Strait arctic national wildlife refuge ALASKA ANCHORAGE BETHEL JUNEAU Gulf of Alaska Beaufort Sea National petroleum reserve arctic national wildlife refuge Bering Strait ALASKA Nome ANCHORAGE BETHEL JUNEAU Gulf of Alaska Beaufort Sea National petroleum reserve arctic national wildlife refuge Bering Strait ALASKA Nome ANCHORAGE BETHEL JUNEAU Gulf of AlaskaIf the reserve still doesn’t ring a bell, you’re not alone.
A grid of vehicle tracks from geophysical explorations of the Teshekpuk Lake Special Area.
In the far northeast is the shallow Teshekpuk Lake, larger in area than Lake Tahoe.
Keywords:  ['teshekpuk', 'petroleum', 'business', 'wildest', 'oil', 'arctic', 'alaska', 'place', 'npra', 'lake', 'lease', 'national', 'open', 'reserve', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
And Obamacare, he declared, is bad because it deprives Americans of that freedom by doing things like establishing minimum standards for insurance policies.
And one more thing: Insurance policies must meet a minimum standard.
It means that those 20 million people who gained coverage don’t have to fear financial ruin if they get sick — or unnecessary death if they can’t afford treatment.
And if getting those taxes cut means that quite a few people end up dying, remember: freedom!
Keywords:  ['means', 'tax', 'cuts', 'coverage', 'taxes', 'sign', 'death', 'fear', 'insurance', 'freedom', 'obamacare', 'policies', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  KEN DEROW, SWARTHMORE, PA.To the Editor:Former President Barack Obama enjoys vindication as a colossal embarrassment has been sustained by President Trump and House Republicans, both forced to share blame for the collapse of their much-heralded American Health Care Act.
Changes should be made to the Affordable Care Act to make it sustainable.
Could this stunning defeat cause President Trump to finally demonstrate some humility?
The only surprise would be if, after this fiasco, they were willing to work with Democrats to actually improve the Affordable Care Act.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyNow the Republicans are facing a crisis of their own making, when a bipartisan effort could have made the Affordable Care Act work for everyone at reasonable costs.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'president', 'affordable', 'obama', 'act', 'house', 'republicans', 'work', 'defeat', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Oh, and the stronger dollar would also mean much bigger trade deficits — a consequence of tax cuts that Republicans, strange to say, haven’t advertised, even though the same thing happened during the Reagan years.
So we’re talking, as always when it comes to Republican plans, about tax cuts heavily tilted toward the wealthy.
Instead, it would be a windfall to wealthy foreigners, who would probably gain a lot more from the tax cut than U.S. workers.
The resolution doesn’t have the force of law, but it’s a pretty clear indication of what’s next if the big tax cuts pass.
Now, it may sound extreme to say that Trump and his allies want to take away health care from millions largely so that they can give wealthy foreigners a $700 billion gift.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'foreign', 'profits', 'foreigners', 'cuts', 'makes', 'main', 'trumps', '700', 'gift', 'sign', 'sound', 'talking', 'lot', 'billion', 'wealthy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Amplified on social media and echoing across every TV network, they suggested something larger afoot, something democracy-defining.
Call it the alt-left, or, if you want to really drive Mr. Trump up the wall, the alt-majority.
It’s capable of coming up with catchy slogans, funny signs and even branding efforts to rival Mr. Trump’s own.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBut unlike Mr. Trump’s hats, the pink caps came from the crowd.
Hillary Clinton had to apologize for calling Mr. Trump’s supporters “deplorables.” After first bashing the women’s march on Twitter, even Mr. Trump had to praise the demonstrators.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'empowered', 'movement', 'protesters', 'altmajority', 'trumps', 'networks', 'hats', 'crowds', 'mr', 'social', 'media', 'protests', 'mass']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoCongressional Republicans are finding that constituents, like facts, are stubborn things.
On Thursday night, Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, who heads the House Oversight Committee, cut a town hall short by an hour when some of the 1,000 attendees jeered him for failing to investigate Mr. Trump.
That same evening in Tennessee, Representative Diane Black tried to answer only questions submitted in advance.
This failed, as she was blasted by constituents over Republicans’ plan to kill Obamacare without a replacement.
“They come up — ‘When’s your next town hall?’ ”Advertisement Continue reading the main story“We need activists,” he pleaded with fellow conservatives.
Keywords:  ['town', 'brat', 'help', 'coverage', 'hall', 'representative', 'mr', 'getting', 'republicans', 'constituents', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThough their ham-fisted attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed in September, Republican lawmakers and the Trump administration won’t give up on efforts that would take away health care from millions of people.
They’re now out to do it through the equally sloppy and cruel tax bills barreling through Congress.
Why have Republican leaders set their sights on health care again?
It would eliminate the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that people have health insurance or pay a penalty.
Those price increases would make coverage unaffordable to many middle-class families.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'millions', 'health', 'theyre', 'coverage', 'costs', 'insurance', 'medical', 'million', 'middleclass', 'sign', 'families', 'cut', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Republican leaders withdrew the American Health Care Act before a vote scheduled for Friday afternoon after it became clear that they did not have the votes to pass it.
When Barack Obama was president, Republicans in the House voted dozens of times to repeal the health care law in a symbolic exercise meant to appeal to their base.
The debacle shows President Trump and Paul Ryan, the speaker of the House, that they can’t count on automatic Republican majorities, especially when they’re offering a destructive, incoherent measure.
Mr. Trump spent a few days cajoling and threatening lawmakers, then threw up his hands and said he had done all he could and was now moving on to other matters.
The percentage of Americans who do not have health insurance has fallen to 9.1 percent, from 16.3 percent in 2010.
Keywords:  ['debacle', 'trump', 'health', 'law', 'vote', 'times', 'sign', 'house', 'trumpryancare', 'mr', 'republicans', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Assessment: After years of campaigning against it, Republicans probably did see the opportunity to repeal Obamacare as a gift.
Before I knew it, my colleagues from the other side of the aisle had let a goat loose in my house.
The key political challenge for Republicans is devising a new health policy that preserves portions of Obamacare that have been successful and popular.
Metaphor: “Obamacare is built on a house of sand that is quickly collapsing,” Mr. Ryan said to Charlie Rose in January.
The health law may appear to be stable now, but it may fall along with its underlying house soon.
Keywords:  ['cowbell', 'health', 'law', 'illustrated', 'metaphors', 'goat', 'house', 'republicans', 'mr', 'murray', 'metaphor', 'guide', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Family MattersThe late-night hosts had a lot to say after Ivanka Trump was jeered in Germany for telling a conference on women’s issues that her father was a “tremendous champion of supporting families.”“Today, Trump sent Ivanka to Berlin to participate in a women’s conference, making her the first Trump to attend a women’s conference that didn’t include a swimsuit competition.” — STEPHEN COLBERT “In Germany, Ivanka Trump told a crowd that her father is a champion of supporting families, and she got booed.
Well, actually the Trump impersonator Anthony Atamanuik, who was promoting “The President Show,” which will air on Comedy Central after “The Daily Show,” starting Thursday.
The “president” burst onto Mr. Noah’s set, saying, “Don’t try to be nice.
And we’re going to save so much money, and then we can use that to pay for the wall.”
Keywords:  ['stephen', 'trump', 'jeered', 'conference', 'womens', 'ivanka', 'joins', 'women', 'supporting', 'going', 'late', 'germany', 'told', 'night', 'watch']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump has called 14 of the states he won “great” or “wonderful,” sometimes more than once, in a total of 25 tweets.
He has never written a negative Twitter post about a state he won.
The only time he has tweeted about states that he lost was to accuse them, without evidence, of voter fraud.
He has said nothing negative or positive about 28 states — 11 that he won and 17 that he lost.
In remarks before a ceremony at the White House this past week, he addressed California’s disaster and called it a “great state.”
Keywords:  ['written', 'trump', 'won', 'state', 'tweeted', 'voted', 'rest', 'great', 'twitter', 'tweets', 'theyre', 'hear', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But the House struggled to pass its version of the bill, and the Senate has had even more troubles.
With Mr. McCain missing, Senate Republicans would have only 49 potential votes to move ahead with the legislation because all Senate Democrats and the two independent senators oppose it.
Mr. McCain, 80, announced Saturday night that he had the surgery at Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix.
Governors from both parties have sharply criticized the Senate bill, drafted mainly by Mr. McConnell.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn all, 20 Republican senators come from states that have expanded Medicaid.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'mccains', 'republican', 'health', 'senators', 'leaders', 'vote', 'delay', 'mccain', 'mcconnell', 'house', 'senate', 'mr', 'surgery', 'votes', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Late-night hosts on Monday were practically dancing on the grave of the Republicans’ health care bill.
Jimmy Fallon wondered if losing the fight to repeal and replace Obamacare might provide President Trump with material for a compelling book — or four.
Seth Meyers dove deeper into the Republicans’ health care difficulties.
Mr. Scarborough will doubtless have some thoughts on where the president can go from here, now that the unsuccessful health care battle is behind him.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'im', 'health', 'right', 'president', 'jimmy', 'trumps', 'girl', 'book', 'know', 'republicans', 'meyers', 'care', 'ideas', 'fallon']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump made America’s southern neighbor and third-largest trading partner the prime punching bag of his campaign.
This message left Mr. Peña Nieto no option but to cancel a trip to Washington that had been arranged to begin undoing the damage.
In a subsequent call between the two leaders, Mr. Trump reportedly threatened Mr. Peña Nieto with deploying troops across his border to take care of “bad hombres.” This was, his aides later claimed, just a joke.
Fuming about an agreement the Obama administration and Mr. Turnbull had reached to resettle refugees stranded in offshore prisons run by Australia, Mr. Trump went ballistic.
The American president reportedly hung up on Mr. Turnbull after declaring that “this was the worst call by far” with a foreign leader that day.
Keywords:  ['random', 'trump', 'turnbull', 'insult', 'world', 'foreign', 'diplomacy', 'president', 'trumps', 'sign', 'peña', 'mr', 'united', 'nieto']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But hitting Mr. Gray is a proxy fight in which the 45Committee, one of the biggest outside groups behind Mr. Trump in the 2016 presidential race, is taking a shot at a potential Trump critic.
The spot goes on to accuse the club of having “saved” Planned Parenthood as well, and it notes that it “attacked” Mr. Trump.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
The spot coincides with a direct-mail campaign that the 45Committee sent to about 100,000 homes, criticizing Mr. Gray.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBy airing it on Fox News, there is at least some chance that Mr. Trump, an avid cable news viewer, will see it.
Keywords:  ['growth', 'ad', 'club', 'trump', '45committee', 'special', 'gray', 'white', 'sign', 'protrump', 'spot', 'mr', 'group', 'attacks', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Senate bill recommends slowly undoing the Medi-Cal expansion starting in three years, which could ultimately leave 3.9 million Californians without insurance.
“The bills under consideration by Congress are simply inhumane,” said Dr. Karyl Rattay, director of the state Division of Public Health.
— mLive.comMaine: Cuts in Rural AreasRural Maine would be hit especially hard, as the outlying areas of the state are more reliant on Medicaid funding for health services.
Rural hospitals would be under more financial stress if the Senate bill were to be approved.
Yet the bill to dramatically alter Obamacare may actually tie the hands of Ohio in a little-noticed way, costing the state hundreds of millions a year.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'state', 'states', 'health', 'coast', 'reception', 'medical', 'wary', 'medicaid', 'senate', 'gets', 'care', 'services', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThe talk of leaving in place a tax on investment income was a big break from the House-passed health bill and from the Senate’s approach.
Senate Republicans bristled after an outside group tied to Mr. Trump went after one of their own for opposing the bill, Senator Dean Heller of Nevada.
For seven years, Republicans have denounced what they call corrupt deals made by Senate Democrats to buy votes for passage of President Barack Obama’s health care bill.
VideoMr. McConnell’s bill would repeal that tax, like most other taxes in Mr. Obama’s health care law.
Senate Republicans are also considering a plan from Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, intended to create lower-cost insurance options.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'republican', 'gop', 'health', 'investment', 'hurdle', 'drop', 'taxes', 'medicaid', 'projected', 'senator', 'senate', 'republicans', 'care', 'spending', 'heightens']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoMore breast cancers have been found at earlier — and potentially more treatable — stages since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act.
Using a nationwide database that includes about 70 percent of all newly diagnosed cancers in the United States, researchers studied breast cancer diagnoses in 211,028 women ages 50 to 74 diagnosed from 2007 to 2009, before the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
Both before and after Obamacare, minority women were more likely than white women to be given diagnoses at a younger age and at a later stage.
The study, in Cancer Epidemiology, adjusted for other variables and found that after Obamacare, the percentage of cancers diagnosed at the earliest stage increased by 3.2 percent for white women, 4.0 percent for blacks and 4.1 percent for Latinas.
would have been diagnosed at Stage 2 was diagnosed at Stage 1 after A.C.A.,” said the lead author, Abigail Silva, an assistant professor of epidemiology at the Loyola University Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago.
Keywords:  ['diagnoses', 'stages', 'implementation', 'earlier', 'care', 'women', 'white', 'breast', 'stage', 'epidemiology', 'cancers', 'obamacare', 'diagnosed']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  They’re watching Trump, but they’re listening to Francis — on climate change, immigration, refugees, war and peace.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Throughout the world, every country but Russia (and to a small degree, Israel) has a lesser view of the United States under Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAs Trump went low, the pope went high.
A few days earlier, Francis was asked about a Trump decision that could break up the families of 800,000 Dreamers in the United States.
Keywords:  ['went', 'vatican', 'world', 'trump', 'francis', 'pope', 'visit', 'antitrump', 'sign', 'rome', 'united', 'states', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBut it now would allow states to set many of their own health insurance standards without getting waivers from the federal government.
States could, for example, allow insurers to omit some of the benefits they are now required to provide, like coverage for maternity care, mental health care and drug addiction treatment.
“We’re moving forward, and we’ll see what happens next week,” Mr. Graham said on ABC’s “This Week.” “I’m very excited about it.
In their place, it would provide block grants to the states to use for health care.
But the proposal has come under heavy criticism, including from governors, patient advocacy groups and health care providers.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'week', 'health', 'senators', 'repeal', 'win', 'care', 'revise', 'senator', 'mr', 'senate', 'lastditch', 'votes', 'insurance', 'effort']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It was all about Donald Trump — providing Trump with a pelt, polishing a credential for Trump.
As the negotiating process has gone on you’ve seen rank-and-file House Republicans caught between the inside game and the outside game.
It would boost the after-tax income for those making more than $1 million a year by 14 percent, according to the Tax Policy Center.
But with this bill the Republican leadership sets an all-time new land speed record for forgetting where you came from.
The new elite is worse than the old elite — and certainly more vapid.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'republican', 'worse', 'elite', 'tax', 'health', 'old', 'sign', 'policy', 'game', 'republicans', 'outside']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The United States projects its influence in English in realms including finance, culture, science and warfare.
English boasts greater entropy, but Spanish, the majority language in more than 20 countries, ranks first, followed by Arabic.
In metropolitan Los Angeles, an area with more than 4 million Spanish speakers — more than Uruguay’s entire population — linguists say that a new dialect has coalesced as different types of Spanish come into contact with one another.
Like El Super, it’s part of a chain founded in the United States aimed at the Latino market.
Even apart from political efforts, the continued growth of Spanish in the United States is not assured.
Keywords:  ['drive', 'world', 'englishonly', 'english', 'mexico', 'spanglish', 'speakers', 'united', 'continue', 'despite', 'thrives', 'language', 'spanish', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Unveiled in late October, these are the prototypes for the border wall President Trump has vowed to erect on the southern border.
These prototypes make clear that a border wall is not simple: It can vary considerably in material, shape and cost.
Some “other than concrete” prototypes incorporate steel, which can be relatively easy to cut with a torch, while pure concrete is not.
They might be called smart walls: walls that incorporate radar, acoustics and other types of surveillance embedded in the infrastructure.
More aesthetics Fewer aestheticsMr. Trump campaigned on a “big, fat, beautiful wall,” so it’s unsurprising that looks play a role in the border wall guidelines.
Keywords:  ['contractors', 'wall', 'walls', 'ways', 'border', 'concrete', 'going', 'build', 'prototypes', 'mr', 'wire', 'patrol']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “We can have an incredible impact,” said Carrie Severino, chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network.
Judge Gorsuch, 49, is their first test case, with his confirmation hearing set to begin on Monday — but the conservative activists say more is at stake than just the Supreme Court.
“Make no mistake,” Mr. Leo said in a speech last month at the Ronald Reagan Dinner at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
Mr. Leo asked him to stay an extra night for dinner, without giving a hint of who might show up.
Mr. Trump gave broad discretion to Mr. Leo and his colleagues.
Keywords:  ['leo', 'trump', 'court', 'judges', 'reshaping', 'supreme', 'test', 'sees', 'gorsuch', 'crisis', 'network', 'judicial', 'judiciary', 'mr', 'case', 'activist', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Despite the challenges, the SoHo hotel is a signature property in the backyard of the Trump family empire, making the Trump Organization’s cutting of ties unexpected.
The Trump Organization still has plenty of bright spots, in both golf and hotels.
The SoHo property ran into troubles from the get-go.
As time went on, the connection with Mr. Sater caused headaches for Mr. Trump through the campaign and the first year of his presidency.
This month the Trumps opened an online store, TrumpStore.com, selling hats, polos and other golf gear bearing the Trump name.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'golf', 'business', 'project', 'exit', 'struggling', 'soho', 'organization', 'trumps', 'property', 'mr', 'hotel', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  A State Department where more than 1,000 career employees have publicly and lawfully dissented from that order, which they fear will weaken, not strengthen, the nation’s defenses against would-be terrorists.
A Pentagon that thinks the order will needlessly alienate vital allies in conflict zones like Iraq where Americans and Iraqi Muslims are together resisting ISIS.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Yet in doing so he has not only flouted traditional policy-making machinery but, in some cases, opened the way for legal challenges.
Keywords:  ['order', 'state', 'reading', 'times', 'edge', 'sign', 'trumps', 'department', 'orders', 'newsletter', 'dark', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “If someone came into your house and built a wall in your living room, tell me, how would you feel about that?
This is our home.”VERLON M. JOSE, vice chairman of the Tohono O’odham Nation, whose reservation extends along 62 miles of the border with Mexico.
Keywords:  ['oodham', 'nation', 'wall', 'vice', 'room', 'quotation', 'day', 'miles', 'reservation', 'tohono', 'mexico', 'tell']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Those arguments served Trump, Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan very well when they were running political campaigns.
They didn’t have a real-world health care plan.
It would have taken insurance coverage from millions of people and worsened coverage and raised costs for millions more, many of them Republican voters.
Eventually, real people would lose real health insurance and be denied real medical care for their illnesses.
I remain worried that Trump may somehow make another run at shrinking health insurance coverage.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'truth', 'trump', 'thank', 'health', 'understood', 'coverage', 'real', 'tried', 'collapse', 'victory', 'insurance', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Everybody needs some sort of health insurance,” Mr. Murphy said.
She used to get health insurance through her job as a teacher.
“It’s very, very scary to think about not having health insurance,” she said.
“The fact that people do without health insurance is a sin, in my opinion.”Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
“If I had to pay a penalty, it’s still less than I have to pay for having health care all year,” Ms. McMahon said.
Keywords:  ['sank', 'democrats', 'hated', 'health', 'law', 'repeal', 'care', 'idea', 'mr', 'republicans', 'laws', 'insurance', 'support', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoAfter months of secret negotiations, the Trump administration and congressional leaders have come up with a tax plan — sort of.
This much is clear: The tax “framework” published by Republican leaders on Wednesday would greatly increase the federal deficit, would not turbocharge economic growth and could leave many middle-class families worse off by ending deductions they rely on.
And can it be just a happy coincidence that Mr. Trump and his family would benefit “bigly” from this plan?
On income taxes, the framework calls for reducing the top tax bracket to 35 percent, from 39.6 percent, which would benefit people earning $418,400 a year or more.
This could greatly hurt middle-class families in New York, California and other states with high local and state taxes that the families will no longer be allowed to deduct from federal taxes.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'federal', 'leaders', 'middleclass', 'masquerading', 'framework', 'greatly', 'families', 'reform', 'deductions', 'taxes', 'boondoggle']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  There are multiple complex problems with the American health care system, but blaming the patient while failing to address the fee-for-service compensation system will solve none of them.
AVA CHAMBERLAINDAYTON, OHIOTo the Editor:Marc K. Siegel argues that since 5 percent of Americans generate more than 50 percent of health care expenses, they should also pay more.
It’s really pretty simple: We must each pay into a pool so that if and when our number is called, health care is available.
This could come in the form of a plan like the besieged Affordable Care Act, or, better yet, national health insurance like that found in virtually every other developed country, where health care is usually better and always much cheaper.
When I see references to President Trump promising a better health care bill, it feels just as much a sham.
Keywords:  ['later', 'gop', 'siegel', 'doctors', 'health', 'praise', 'plan', 'public', 'system', 'sick', 'free', 'better', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  ZUOYING NAVAL BASE, Taiwan — The Hai Pao, one of Taiwan’s four navy submarines, began its service as the Tusk, an American vessel launched in August 1945 at the end of World War II.
Its sister submarine, the Hai Shih, is a year older.
Taiwan’s aging submarine fleet is but one measure of how far the military balance across the Taiwan Strait has tilted in favor of the island’s rival, mainland China.
2 military spender after the United States, though it is a distant second.
The unwillingness to anger China extends even to the United States, on which Taiwan has long depended for its defense.
Keywords:  ['china', 'formidable', 'overshadowed', 'service', 'submarine', 'submarines', 'taiwans', 'chinas', 'military', 'hai', 'united', 'taiwan', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (A White House spokeswoman declined at the time to say whether Mr. Trump had known that the cover wasn’t real.)
The recipient of the title, who is ultimately decided by Time’s editors, will be announced on Dec. 6.
“The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year,” a message from the magazine’s account said.
The Turkish government is also angry over the case of an Iranian-Turkish businessman, Reza Zarrab, who is fighting federal charges in the United States that he evaded Iranian sanctions.
The United States began working closely with the Syrian Kurds during the Obama administration and continued under Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'probably', 'syrian', 'turkish', 'kurds', 'times', 'president', 'united', 'thanks', 'person', 'military', 'mr', 'twitter', 'tweets', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mistakenly, Mr. Trump thinks that every deal is a zero-sum game and that what one party gains is at the expense of the other.
In the postwar period, this clause has promoted international trade on a vast scale and thereby raised living standards around the world.
By adhering to the false notion of trade as a zero-sum deal, Mr. Trump becomes a job killer rather than a job creator.
To the Editor:So if President Trump respects other governments for putting their countries first, and if trade is a zero-sum game, how will trade negotiators ever be able to agree on anything?
ELLEN FROST, WASHINGTONThe writer is a former counselor to the U.S. trade representative (1993-95).
Keywords:  ['trump', 'views', 'job', 'zerosum', 'comparative', 'trumps', 'writer', 'trade', 'game', 'deal', 'mr', 'mistaken', 'international']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Liberal Jones would be BAD!” he tweeted less than an hour later.
“Doug Jones is continuing to focus on finding common ground and getting things done for real Alabamians.”Advertisement Continue reading the main storyDuring the Alabama Republican primary, Mr. Trump endorsed Senator Luther Strange on Twitter, then deleted some of those tweets after Mr.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
On Sunday, the president claimed that after he had supported Mr.
Strange, the candidate “shot way up in the polls” — a claim he also made in September — but “it wasn’t enough.”
Keywords:  ['bad', 'trump', 'urges', 'jones', 'tweeted', 'email', 'pick', 'liberal', 'weak', 'moore', 'strange', 'voters', 'roy', 'mr', 'alabama', 'instead', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
The architects of the nuclear deal make three dubious claims on its behalf.
They claim the deal is working because Iran is abiding by its terms, as certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
And they add that since the agreement permanently enjoins the Iranians from acquiring nuclear weapons, the United States maintains the military option to stop them from doing so.
We are living through a nuclear nightmare on the Korean Peninsula after more than two decades of optimistic diplomacy.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'takes', 'nuclear', 'donald', 'sign', 'bomb', 'risk', 'wants', 'deal', 'united', 'hostage', 'iran', 'states', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.
Business• The U.S. economy grew by 235,000 jobs in February, the first full month under the Trump administration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyA new study has found that men moving into traditionally female jobs tend to be disadvantaged in the labor market in terms of race and class.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• What we’re listening to.
Before best-seller lists and well-stocked bookstores, the Book of the Month Club tried to steer a growing middle class to the “right” books.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'south', 'republican', 'club', 'reading', 'month', 'briefing', 'korea', 'party', 'main', 'report', 'sign', 'continue', 'literary', 'jobs', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day in Asia, delivered to your inbox.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Why is Singapore’s health care system so cheap and effective?
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhat would you like to see here?
Keywords:  ['catalonia', 'north', 'reading', 'times', 'president', 'today', 'fence', 'briefing', 'korea', 'main', 'sign', 'continue', 'las', 'vegas', 'leader', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “When it explodes, they’ll come to me to make a deal,” Mr. Trump told The New York Times’s Maggie Haberman.
Any hope that Friday’s experience might encourage Mr. Trump to work with Democrats to fix the law’s shortcomings died with that statement.
Having fundamentally misread the likelihood of success, Mr. Trump and his advisers fully embraced the health care legislation.
In comments to reporters, Mr. Trump vowed to “start going very, very strongly for the big tax cuts and tax reform.
Republican lawmakers will head home for spring break next month to explain the health reform failure.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'bills', 'tax', 'republican', 'reform', 'health', 'lawmakers', 'bracing', 'fallout', 'continue', 'mr', 'republicans', 'collapse', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (His last name has been withheld due to his concerns about future job prospects.)
But just as Stan Settles had passed on his knowledge to Shannon, Shannon trained Tad as if he were one of her own.
Before he returned to Mexico, Tad pulled Shannon aside.
Nicole needed to let Purdue know that her mother was losing her job and could not help with tuition.
Shannon laughed, as if conceding that nursing school was a wild idea.
Keywords:  ['money', 'steelworker', 'reading', 'shannon', 'job', 'shannons', 'nursing', 'tad', 'dont', 'mexico', 'nicole', 'moved', 'school', 'liberated', 'shed']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But when nearly half of those who could participate are misdiagnosed as vegetative when they are actually minimally conscious, this vulnerable group is further marginalized.
Tragically, the most fundamental rights have been have been denied patients in the minimally conscious state.
When a minimally conscious patient is mistakenly diagnosed as vegetative and thus thought insensate, they may not receive analgesic pain management or anesthesia for medical procedures.
Of course, we can address this by better diagnostic assessments of a patient’s brain state, to differentiate the minimally conscious from the permanently unconscious patient.
For minimally conscious patients, the ramp is the restoration of functional communication, which makes reintegration into its cognate — community — possible.
Keywords:  ['injury', 'rehabilitation', 'life', 'conscious', 'right', 'rights', 'patients', 'minimally', 'maggie', 'brain', 'civil', 'dont', 'know', 'think', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But that policy, known as the individual mandate, is loathed by Republicans — and by a segment of the public — and would be eliminated under the Republican bill.
The lockout provision in the new bill is an effort to replace it with another form of encouragement.
If you have cancer, they argue, six months of waiting means six months when your disease is not being treated.
Under current law, if you let your insurance coverage lapse, you must wait until the next year before you can sign up again.
He worried that making sign-ups harder for such people, who already tend to eschew insurance, might discourage them from ever enrolling.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'worry', 'gop', 'tries', 'health', 'wait', 'coverage', 'individual', 'uninsured', 'sign', 'york', 'mandate', 'tend', 'insurance', 'hate', 'lockout']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Would Jeremy buy a $15 American tape measure — and would he see it as protecting his brothers’ jobs?
And of course Mr. Trump has waged a Twitter war to shame American companies into moving manufacturing home.
Photo“In my mind, it’s sort of a reset of the American economy,” Mr. Marshall said.
Unemployment is low in southwestern Indiana, like the Midwest in general, after a seven-year jobs expansion under President Barack Obama.
He said he voted for Mr. Trump, but in statewide elections he supports Democrats, who are union-friendly.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'jeremy', 'ways', 'cuts', 'job', 'toyota', 'america', 'trade', 'marshall', 'mr', 'brothers', 'jobs', 'indiana', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  David Leonhardt Russia, the Blizzard of Lies Image Credit Carolyn Kaster/Associated PressThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
The blizzard of lies — to quote a Dave Frishberg song — can be overwhelming.
Trump added to the blizzard yesterday, with a reckless tweet suggesting that the F.B.I., the Democrats and Russia colluded to compile a dossier with damaging (and speculative) information about his Russia ties.
The Trump lie that received the most attention yesterday wasn’t about Russia, of course.
* Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'lie', 'russia', 'times', 'president', 'white', 'york', 'lies', 'united', 'yesterday', 'blizzard']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Other marketplace customers, like Ms. Nelson, took jobs that do not offer health insurance because they could get coverage through the Affordable Care Act.
Ms. Nelson said the option had allowed her to work at a job she loved, at a small private school.
PhotoNow Ms. Weimer, who is 30 and said she had voted for Hillary Clinton, is helping administer the group’s Facebook page and helped plan a “Utah Town Hall for All” last weekend.
Many came from Republican strongholds like Utah County, home of Provo, where only 14 percent of voters backed Mrs. Clinton last fall.
Still, many Utah residents buy insurance outside the marketplace and receive no subsidy, usually because their incomes are too high to qualify.
Keywords:  ['surge', 'redstate', 'ms', 'republican', 'health', 'law', 'plan', 'mr', 'utah', 'insurance', 'marketplace', 'jobs', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Under Mr. Cordray, it won nearly $12 billion in refunds and canceled debts for 29 million consumers.
Republicans have argued that the agency under Mr. Cordray has held back growth and innovation.
The current standoff was triggered by the resignation of Mr. Cordray, who abruptly stepped down on Friday.
As the fight between the White House and the consumer agency unfolded over the holiday weekend, many expected that it would up end in court.
White House officials said on Saturday that Mr. Mulvaney intends to show up at the agency’s office on Monday to begin his work.
Keywords:  ['heads', 'court', 'acting', 'mulvaney', 'english', 'law', 'cordray', 'consumer', 'bureau', 'mr', 'control', 'agency', 'director', 'battle']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (Other party organizations — the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee — are faring better.)
Democratic presidents have generally been less than attentive to the financial and electoral health of their party, during and after their presidencies.
while championing the president rather than the Democratic Party as a whole.
Back in Washington, Russell joined a relatively new political media consulting firm, Beacon Media, and started hunting for prospective 2018 House candidates.
listed abortion rights as among the “fundamental tenets of the Democratic Party” and that the recruits it was backing “represent the values of the party.”Adam Green of the P.C.C.C.
Keywords:  ['postobama', 'trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'democratic', 'candidates', 'obama', 'search', 'party', 'house', 'district', 'told']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Tim and Karen met on Halloween ’84 at a bowling-alley bar called Animal House, midway between their hometowns in Ohio.
Karen had never been on a boat, save for a school-sponsored trip to Lake Erie.
On my 4 o’clock trip into the kitchen to rummage, I noticed that Tim was missing from the boat.
For 15 minutes, Tim let me take the wheel.
Tim and Karen float forward in an easy routine, secure in what is here and unafraid of what may come.
Keywords:  ['let', 'tim', 'improbable', 'boat', 'coast', 'karen', 'lake', 'east', '6000mile', 'trip', 'work', 'loop', 'water', 'thought']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To be fair, money is a nice thing to have, and I personally am by no means an ascetic.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
At the time, thanks to income taxes and wage compression, such men were much poorer than their counterparts had been in 1930.
And maybe, just maybe, members of the G.O.P.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'money', 'tax', 'rich', 'maybe', 'wealthy', 'times', 'bring', 'wont', 'sign', 'income', 'joy', 'moolaville', 'taxes', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Using apprenticeships, the program trains people to become community health workers.
But the real growth in today’s job market is in fields like health care and technology.
The number of community health workers, who connect vulnerable people to the medical and social service systems, increased to 51,900 in 2016 from 38,000 in 2013.
Ms. Garcia checked back daily with her mentor for advice.
But Ms. Garcia found a daughter living in Orlando, who got her father a cellphone and helped him keep appointments.
Keywords:  ['ms', 'community', 'apprenticeship', 'garcia', 'health', 'plan', 'care', 'took', 'trumps', 'need', 'apprentices', 'workers', 'mentor', 'apprentice', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  When Charles Murray first visited Middlebury in April 2007, we did as Professor Stanger and others are suggesting now: We organized peacefully against Mr. Murray.
And I blame Mr. Murray’s invitation to speak, and his “research,” for emboldening some students to commit these hateful acts.
KENT CHASSONBELLINGHAM, WASH.To the Editor:The actions of protesters at the Charles Murray lecture at Middlebury College were obnoxious but not, I think, darkly ominous.
I teach at Mr. Bruni’s alma mater, and I don’t know a single colleague who shields students from difficult ideas.
We are constantly inundated with ideas that are not only different from our own, but actively repulsive.
Keywords:  ['colleges', 'dealing', 'professor', 'middlebury', 'dont', 'writer', 'offensive', 'mr', 'college', 'murray', 'blame', 'students', 'ideas', 'campus']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTimes Insider delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how news, features and opinion come together at The New York Times.
In this podcast, Andrew Rosenthal, a Times opinion columnist, talks about the news — the good, the bad and that which makes him mad.
“Trump knows that he can say anything he wants, and the right wing media will validate it, and his base won’t challenge it.”(“Here’s a little prediction,” says Mr. Rosenthal.
“If things go as badly as I fear they will, in a decade or so, there will be public opinion poll showing that Trump lost in 2016.”)The good news?
The obvious good news came in the form of protests held all over the weekend, all over the world, which Mr. Rosenthal says can have a real impact.
Keywords:  ['bad', 'trump', 'week', 'andrew', 'times', 'good', 'mad', 'president', 'opinion', 'trumps', 'mr', 'rosenthal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  That would increase the annual trade deficit about 16 percent from its 2016 total of $502 billion.
Photo“Job creation is the real purpose of reducing the trade deficit,” Mr. Ross said during an interview at the Wall Street Journal C.E.O.
That would add $80 billion to the annual trade deficit — significantly more than, for example, America’s $56 billion trade deficit with Mexico last year.
Most economists, by contrast, see the trade deficit as a crude measuring stick that says little about the health of the domestic economy.
Mr. Kotlikoff, for example, projects the tax cuts will not increase the federal debt over the long term — because of foreign investment.
Keywords:  ['money', 'trump', 'tax', 'foreign', 'federal', 'cuts', 'deficit', 'trumps', 'likely', 'trade', 'increase', 'mr']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  The distortion carries over to the Electoral College, where each state’s number of electors is determined by the size of its congressional delegation.
Twice in the last 17 years, Republicans have lost the popular vote but won the presidency, and it could happen again.
Certainly, we need checks on the tyranny of the majority.
But what we have now is the tyranny of the minority.
The National Popular Vote Interstate Compact — a plan in which states agree to award all their electoral votes to the national popular vote winner — could circumvent the Electoral College if enough states enacted it.
Keywords:  ['brown', 'vote', 'country', 'system', 'tyranny', 'america', 'sign', 'popular', 'minority', 'college', 'electoral', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  MARTIN: I know, I know, I know.
O.K., I enjoyed playing golf with him, you know, he’s a very courteous kind person.
CORKER: I don’t know, I don’t know.
I know he’s hurt, in several instances, he’s hurt us as it relates to negotiations that were underway by tweeting things out.
Again, I don’t think he’s a warmonger.
Keywords:  ['things', 'im', 'read', 'times', 'hes', 'bob', 'mean', 'dont', 'senator', 'corkers', 'interview', 'continue', 'know', 'thats', 'think', 'way', 'excerpts']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Of 80 news stories promoted last week by those accounts, more than 25 percent “had a primary theme of anti-Americanism,” the researchers found.
In the face of such public scrutiny, Twitter has said almost nothing about what it knows about Russia’s use of its platform.
This month, The New York Times reported on evidence of Russian operators creating hundreds or thousands of fake Twitter accounts to flood the network with anti-Clinton messages during the campaign.
The cybersecurity company FireEye identified what it called “warlists” of accounts linked to Russian intelligence that sometimes spewed messages like #WarAgainstDemocrats several times a minute.
He hoped to damage, if not defeat, Mrs. Clinton, whom he blamed for encouraging pro-democracy protests in Russia and neighboring states.
Keywords:  ['russia', 'intelligence', 'president', 'public', 'influence', 'accounts', 'linked', 'russian', 'twitter', 'face', 'facebook', 'messages', 'election', 'role', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
That’s not a judgment based on his policies (although regular readers surely know I’m no fan of their content).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'successful', 'times', 'today', 'mark', 'trumps', 'sign', 'success', 'months', 'newsletter', 'terms', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoPresident Trump arrived in Asia a wounded leader with low ratings at home and a stalled legislative agenda, the Editorial Board wrote.
The president kicked off the lengthy trip with a rally on Sunday with American troops in Japan.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'photopresident', 'president', 'wrote', 'donald', 'trumps', 'asia', 'trip', 'rally', 'troops', 'ratings', 'stalled', 'wounded']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  "He's basically the Trump candidate," said Daniel Cossins, a 20-year-old computer programmer from the town of Spring Hill, on the south edge of the Kansas City area.
Tickets to a VIP reception with the president's eldest son beforehand cost $1,000, with about 120 people attending.
Kobach said the event raised at least $100,000 for his campaign and focused Republicans' attention to the governor's race early.
They were protesting not only Kobach, but President Donald Trump and his eldest son and the Trump administration's policies.
O'Malley said the event showed Kobach wants to "hobnob" with the president's son and "isn't really interested in Kansas," an assertion Kobach called "ridiculous."
Keywords:  ['trump', 'state', 'campaign', 'hes', 'leads', 'son', 'kobachs', 'donald', 'fundraiser', 'kobach', 'presidents', 'event', 'jr', 'kansas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You know they’re called, like the Second Avenue subway, the tunnel to nowhere.
I don’t know.
It’s going to be headed by [the developer] Richard LeFrak and it’s going to be headed — they’re going to be co- — Steve Roth.
Because, if we get the health care that we want, we’re going to end up with great health care and we’re going to end up actually with a saving.
THRUSH: Do you feel you’ve surrendered any leverage in these health care —TRUMP: No.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'im', 'health', 'times', 'infrastructure', 'going', 'trumps', 'dont', 'interview', 'partial', 'know', 'think', 'theyre', 'care', 'transcript']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoHere’s what to expect in the week ahead:BANKINGBank regulation is on the agenda in Europe.
Bank regulation will be the theme of the week for European policymakers.
On Monday, during a meeting in Brussels, the finance ministers known as the Eurogroup will hear from Danièle Nouy, a European Central Bank official who is the chief bank regulator for the eurozone.
On Tuesday, Ms. Nouy will be one of the featured speakers at a conference run by the European Central Bank called “Europe’s Changing Banking Landscape.” Mario Draghi, president of the central bank, will be the keynote speaker.
Since going public in March, the stock is trading just below its $17 a share public offering price.
Keywords:  ['regulation', 'trump', 'europe', 'bank', 'south', 'week', 'snap', 'public', 'trumps', 'asia', 'central', 'trip', 'trade', 'european', 'talks', 'nouy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'seed', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'seattle', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But the cheaper premiums would come with a big trade-off: higher out-of-pocket costs.
Wellmark has said it will stay if the stopgap plan is approved.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“It’s a decision to abandon a number of key principles of the Affordable Care Act,” he said.
Under the law, people who don’t get insurance through work can buy it through the online marketplace.
“I still think it’s the best thing on the table right now,” she said of the stopgap plan.
Keywords:  ['state', 'stopgap', 'higher', 'law', 'seeks', 'health', 'plan', 'subsidies', 'abandon', 'test', 'iowa', 'insurance', 'marketplace', 'outofpocket', 'obamacare', 'including']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  At the Haynie site, they apparently were used for everyday activities like sleeping, cooking or making tools.
On a tour of the site, Dr. Ryan pointed out a line of mortar in which alternating layers of clay and calcium carbonate made a stronger fill and insulated the surrounding rooms.
“Those are basket loads of fill that someone has dropped in there, probably in the early 1100s,” Dr. Ryan said of spaces between the stones.
Archaeologists link the Haynie site to Chaco Canyon by noting shared architectural features, like subfloor ventilation systems, tall ceilings and flat-sawed timbers.
Even if the ruins were on public land, it would not be feasible to stabilize them in a way that makes them accessible to the public, he added.
Keywords:  ['hold', 'ruined', 'canyon', 'site', 'apartments', 'ruins', 'american', 'public', 'land', 'haynie', 'dr', 'native', 'ryan', 'used', 'york', 'clues', 'history']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It should be clear by now that there are five different Trump administrations swirling before our eyes — Trump Entertainment, Trump Cleanup, Trump Crazy, Trump G.O.P.
and the Essential Trump — and no one can predict which will define this presidency, let alone make a success of it.
The country, though, is getting addicted to Trump Entertainment.
Trump Cleanup comprises the adults on his team who follow in the wake of Trump Entertainment and “clarify” what the president meant.
garden, and Trump G.O.P.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'gop', 'entertainment', 'president', 'country', 'meet', 'trumps', 'administrations', 'trade', 'media', 'way']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Others, like Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, are smoothing their terms of engagement, increasingly referring more to “repairing” the law than repealing it.
“When you go to Democrats and say, ‘Help us repeal,’ that puts them in a box.
“There’s discussion,” Mr. Taylor said of the plan promoted by the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan.
After the meeting, Mr. MacArthur found himself outside a basement room where a group of local Democrats had gathered, and he wandered in to chat, he said.
“We had a really good impromptu discussion,” Mr. MacArthur said.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'health', 'law', 'say', 'repeal', 'faces', 'plan', 'obstacles', 'macarthur', 'house', 'senate', 'mr', 'republicans', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The deal was agreed to by the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council — the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China — along with Germany and the European Union.
All of these parties, except the United States, want to keep the accord in place.
If President Trump undermines the nuclear deal, the repercussions for American foreign policy will be disastrous: It will drive a wedge between the United States and Europe, weakening the critical trans-Atlantic relationship and increasing the influence of Iran, Russia and China.
The United States, and the world, would lose our eyes and ears on the ground in Iran — the inspectors.
It is hard to see how any of these consequences improve the United States’ national security.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'huge', 'mistake', 'north', 'nuclear', 'president', 'congress', 'going', 'deal', 'security', 'united', 'iran', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I don’t think there’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we’ve done.
It used to mean, “Oh, that’s good.” Now it means, “That’s good for jobs.” Very different.
Now, it’s possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there, but I don’t think I ever met him.
TRUMP: Well, I don’t know, I was given that information.
I don’t say I’m going into Mosul in four months.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'conference', 'im', 'russia', 'say', 'theyre', 'good', 'going', 'dont', 'thats', 'know', 'video', 'think', 'transcript']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Photo“Grey’s Anatomy” reaches its 300th episode.
What’s on TVNATHAN FOR YOU 9 p.m. on Comedy Central.
One mission of the Canadian comic Nathan Fielder is to help small-business owners attract customers by whatever means necessary.
“His deadpan genius is in defining the age, not solving its problems,” wrote Neil Genzlinger in a review in The New York Times.
In the season finale, Mr. Fielder attempts to help a Bill Gates impersonator reunite with his long-lost love.
Keywords:  ['things', 'special', 'world', 'small', 'times', 'anatomy', 'tv', 'wrote', 'shows', 'greys', 'episode', 'whats', 'mr', 'nathan']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In September, the administration announced plans to rescind an Obama administration executive order that allowed the Dreamers to live, work and study here.
Days later, President Trump and Democratic leaders in Congress appeared to have struck a deal to protect the Dreamers in exchange for enhanced border security, but no wall, which would “come later,” Mr. Trump said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThat’s not what Mr. Trump agreed to during his late-summer dalliance with those Democrats, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, the minority leaders in the Senate and the House.
“The administration can’t be serious about compromise” with a list like this, Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi said in a written statement.
It would not include Mr. Trump’s border wall, a nonstarter for Democrats that Republican budget hawks also oppose.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'later', 'wall', 'dreamers', 'president', 'administration', 'shows', 'sign', 'mr', 'deal', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWhen President Trump signed an executive order last month temporarily barring visitors from seven mostly Muslim countries, he said he was moving to protect the United States from terrorist attacks.
The three-page report found that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity.”The report adds to the difficulties the Trump administration has faced in carrying out the travel ban.
Federal judges have suspended the order, and the administration has said it will redo it to withstand legal scrutiny, but has not given a timetable.
In addition, the report noted, while terrorist groups in Iraq, Syria and Yemen pose a threat to the United States, militant groups in the other four countries have a more regional focus.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe report also found that in the past six years, the terrorism threat reached much more widely than the seven countries listed — individuals from 26 countries had been “inspired” to carry out attacks in the United States.
Keywords:  ['seven', 'trump', 'states', 'travelban', 'increased', 'yemen', 'pose', 'report', 'risk', 'terror', 'countries', 'united', 'terrorist', 'nations', 'travel', 'threat']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So how does he address the two big problems with the original bill — savage cuts to Medicaid and soaring premiums for older, less affluent workers?
Aside from a few tweaks, those brutal Medicaid cuts are still part of the plan — and yes, they are cuts, despite desperate Republican attempts to pretend that they aren’t.
The most important change in the bill, however, is the way it would effectively gut protection for people with pre-existing medical conditions.
Or to put it another way, this bill would send insurance markets into a classic death spiral.
And the conservative view has always been that Americans have health insurance that is too good, that they should pay more in deductibles and co-pays, giving them “skin in the game,” and thus an incentive to control costs.
Keywords:  ['fraudulence', 'bill', 'money', 'republican', 'mcconnells', 'health', 'mitch', 'cuts', 'insurers', 'sign', 'cruelty', 'medicaid', 'republicans', 'insurance']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The two spoke by phone on Friday morning, a day after Mr. Peña Nieto canceled a trip to Washington.
Mr. Trump said that it was a “very friendly call” but repeated that he would take a tough stance on trade.
Mr. Peña Nieto’s office released a statement saying that they had agreed not to speak publicly about who will pay for the wall.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['evening', 'trump', 'french', 'reading', 'life', 'rafael', 'briefing', 'main', 'dont', 'continue', 'peña', 'posted', 'mr', 'nadal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The two men say they’re not swamp creatures, because they are not just helping their clients; they are helping Mr. Trump.
The firm even operates a fledgling super PAC to help Mr. Trump win re-election.
Fired from the campaign and denied a plum job in the administration, Mr. Lewandowski still reveres Mr. Trump and glides past his rival Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, to visit Mr. Trump in the Oval Office.
Mr. Trump has taken credit for jobs announcements by ExxonMobil, Ford, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Walmart, Sprint, Intel, SoftBank and Alibaba.
All of these were in the works before Mr. Trump won the presidency, and many may never come to pass.
Keywords:  ['lewandowski', 'trump', 'lobbying', 'bay', 'consultants', 'president', 'clients', 'inside', 'track', 'bennett', 'lockheed', 'sign', 'mr', 'strategies']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “The big story is that the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare has officially fallen apart.
But Republicans say that they’re just going to let Obamacare fail while they regroup and figure out a new plan.
And Democrats said: ‘Hey, that’s the same thing we’re doing with Trump!’” — JIMMY FALLONThis week is the end of the first six months of the Trump presidency.
“Pro: His old motto was ‘Make America Great Again.’ Con: His new motto is ‘Lawyer Up.’” — JIMMY FALLON “Pro: Seeing Trump at the G-20 summit.
Con: Hearing him yell ‘Bingo!’ every time someone said, ‘G-20.’” — JIMMY FALLON “Pro: He’s doing his best.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'let', 'democrats', 'fail', 'say', 'jimmy', 'thats', 'trying', 'republicans', 'replace', 'thing', 'obamacare', 'fallon']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  For the president to pass the buck displays neither leadership nor courage.
At a minimum, Mr. Trump needs to tell members of Congress what he wants them to do, and then work to ensure the resulting legislation can pass.
Strangely, however, Mr. Trump has done little to push back on Iranian expansionism.
Similarly in Syria, despite early hints that he was poised to take on the Tehran-Moscow-Damascus triumvirate, Mr. Trump has been almost supine, to the point of ignoring attacks on American-backed forces.
The White House has even shrugged off news that Iran has opened another front against Israel in the Syrian Golan Heights.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'iraq', 'leadership', 'president', 'iranian', 'nations', 'trumps', 'sign', 'failing', 'mr', 'united', 'irans', 'iran', 'support']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Many states — more than 40 — allowed insurers to compensate for the loss of C.S.R.s by raising the rates of their silver plans.
Because the value of the premium tax credits rises and falls with the price of a silver plan, consumers who qualify will not pay more than a set amount of their income.
PhotoThese consumers are no worse off whether they purchase silver plans or any other “metal” plan, which might include lower-deductible gold plans that also feature lower out-of-pocket expenses.
In that state, final 2018 premiums for silver plans increased faster than all others.
Last year, that same individual would have had to spend $180 for a silver plan with a much higher deductible.
Keywords:  ['sabotage', 'lining', 'bill', 'health', 'waivers', 'plan', 'plans', 'subsidies', 'premiums', 'insurance', 'trumps', 'silver', 'premium', 'care', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Supreme Court Wipes Out Travel Ban Appeal Image The Supreme Court, in a brief, unsigned disposition, said President Trump’s earlier executive order, issued in March, had expired, making the case moot.
But the Supreme Court did a little more than simply remove the case from its docket.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor dissented, saying that she would have simply dismissed the case and allowed the appeals court decision to remain on the books.
The administration said they were, and it urged the court to vacate the appeals court decisions.
The challengers asked the justices to hear the appeals and to leave the appeals court decisions in place if they decided to dismiss them.
Keywords:  ['order', 'court', 'circuits', 'ban', 'united', 'wipes', 'appeals', 'ninth', 'supreme', 'circuit', 'decision', 'travel', 'appeal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And who knows what Mr. Trump thinks the United States would stand to gain by leaving the World Trade Organization?
But Mr. Trump seems not to have grasped how consequential his proposals are.
Why did it allow China into the World Trade Organization?
Supporters might think there is little harm to Mr. Trump’s foreign policy realignment, even if it doesn’t achieve lasting benefits.
Other countries, however, might apply it to the propositions of President Trump.
Keywords:  ['extreme', 'trump', 'tactics', 'world', 'foreign', 'point', 'president', 'search', 'trumps', 'trade', 'mr', 'united', 'mexico', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Some Democrats called on Mr. Trump to respond after the report.
Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, said she was introducing legislation to repeal the law that Mr. Marino helped pass.
Mr. Trump has repeatedly promised to tackle the opioid crisis and appointed a high-level commission led by Gov.
“This country, and frankly the world, has a drug problem.
“As far as Tom Marino, so he was a very early supporter of mine — the great state of Pennsylvania,” Mr. Trump said.
Keywords:  ['hell', 'trump', 'drug', 'law', 'marino', 'consider', 'president', 'opioid', 'nomination', 'going', 'czar', 'pulling', 'report', 'mr', 'problem']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWASHINGTON — He was talking taxes with truckers on Wednesday evening when President Trump suddenly diverged into a curious tangent.
By Thursday morning, word emerged that an American woman and her family had been released after five years of captivity by Afghan militants.
In this case, it was unclear whether Mr. Trump was hinting at a delicate development before it was fully completed, but aides were sensitive afterward about not disclosing anything prematurely.
Mr. Trump often criticized his predecessor, President Barack Obama, for discussing overseas operations too early.
A global poll this year actually showed a drastic drop in faith in American leadership since Mr. Trump took over in most of the countries surveyed.
Keywords:  ['speech', 'trump', 'states', 'president', 'united', 'american', 'truckers', 'statement', 'mr', 'woman', 'hostage', 'hinted', 'taking', 'release']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Government officials have long denied there have been any arrests of migrants at the U.S.-Mexico border with ties to the Islamic State, and private security analysts agree.
"I'm honestly much more concerned about meth, fentanyl and heroin than I am of Al-Qaeda or the Islamic State coming across."
The Afghan man told Border Patrol agents he left his home seven months earlier and traveled through at least 10 countries before making it to the U.S.
Once the men reached the U.S. border, the smugglers told them crossing illegally into Arizona would be a matter of a few easy hours.
But the FBI had already cleared the men, finding they had no ties to terrorism, according to the documents.
Keywords:  ['arrests', 'state', 'caught', 'ties', 'border', 'middle', 'east', 'men', 'smugglers', 'islamic', 'terrorism', 'told', 'cleared', 'days', 'man']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (Actually, the White House did do an internal analysis of an earlier version of Trumpcare, which was leaked to Politico.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
The same goes for claims that trying to rein in emissions will do terrible economic damage and destroy millions of jobs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWell, bear in mind that so far Trump hasn’t faced a single crisis not of his own making.
Keywords:  ['world', 'emissions', 'times', 'trumpcare', 'sign', 'theory', 'trying', 'think', 'making', 'great', 'climate', 'ignorance', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  VideoRandall L. Stephenson, chief executive of telecommunications giant AT&T, said selling CNN in order to push through his company’s $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner has never been and will never be on the table.
“I have never offered to sell CNN,” he said repeatedly.
“There is absolutely no intention that we would ever sell CNN.”Speaking at The New York Times’s DealBook conference in New York — a day after tensions over AT&T’s negotiations with the Justice Department spilled into the open — Mr. Stephenson said that selling the cable news network, which President Trump has accused of bias, “doesn’t make sense in the context of what we’re trying to accomplish.”Mr. Stephenson said Thursday that the Justice Department had never told AT&T that selling CNN was the price of getting the deal done.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storySince the election, Mr. Stephenson has met with Mr. Trump several times.
But he said he has not, to the best of his recollection, had conversations with people inside the administration about the deal.
Keywords:  ['selling', 'intention', 'stephenson', 'trump', 'sell', 'finalize', 'department', 'deal', 'cnn', 'mr', 'justice', 'att', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He said that the House majority must be Democrats’ nonnegotiable goal, because it matters so much and is indisputably attainable.
It also suggested a rogue impulse among still-restive Republican primary voters that could lead to extreme general-election candidates that Democrats can beat.
“Last cycle,” he told me, “I never once said that Democrats would win back the House.
Photo“I think Democrats are making a huge, huge, huge mistake,” said one prominent Republican strategist who is carefully studying House races and may help steer a few of them.
While Republicans control both the governorship and the legislature in 26 states, Democrats have that monopoly in just six.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'democratic', 'ready', 'president', 'lose', 'party', 'house', 'republicans', 'told', 'think']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Garrow adds nothing to our understanding of Obama’s intellectual evolution during his years at Columbia, or the role that the civil rights movement played in shaping his political consciousness and ideals.
(Curious, given that Garrow, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, won a Pulitzer Prize in 1987 for his book on the Rev.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyInstead, Garrow’s epilogue delivers a crude screed against Obama the president and Obama the man, filled with bald assertions and coy half-truths.
The reader interested in Barack Obama’s life would do well to turn to those books, and not Garrow’s overstuffed and ultimately unfair work here.
Or, go back to Obama’s own eloquent memoir.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'epilogue', 'life', 'president', 'white', 'obamas', 'garrow', 'obama', 'look', 'long', 'house', 'book', 'title', 'turn']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Papadopoulos then proposed that he himself, perhaps with another campaign official, travel to Moscow to meet with the Russians.
In early March, Mr. Papadopoulos, who had been helping the beleaguered campaign of Dr. Ben Carson, offered his services to the Trump campaign.
Unimpressed by Mr. Papadopoulos at first, Mr. Mifsud became far more interested when he learned that the young traveler was working for the Trump campaign.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe same week, Mr. Trump, visiting The Washington Post, was pressed to name his foreign policy team.
On Feb. 17, the agent wrote, Mr. Papadopoulos shut down the Facebook account he had used since 2005, including to exchange messages with the intermediaries for Russia.
Keywords:  ['officials', 'trump', 'democrats', 'foreign', 'russia', 'campaign', 'early', 'documents', 'emails', 'policy', 'russian', 'mr', 'papadopoulos', 'word', 'mifsud']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Administration officials say he will soon release a set of principles that will guide his deal-making with the Democrats.
And they want Mr. Trump to get his wall along the southern border.
But immigration activists and lawmakers who went through those unsuccessful fights said they could not win without compromising.
If that happens, some immigration rights activists say Democrats will have no choice but to accept some Republican demands in exchange for legalizing the young immigrants.
Democrats also must weigh the political risk of being seen as weak on security issues as they try to recover from their 2016 losses.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'democrats', 'dreamers', 'young', 'legislative', 'activists', 'need', 'deal', 'face', 'surprising', 'mr', 'undocumented', 'exchange', 'foe', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Op-Ed Contributor How to Fix U.S.-Turkey Relations Image The United States Consulate General in Istanbul.
The United States has suspended the processing of nonimmigrant visas for Turks, and Turkey is doing the same to Americans.
By denying visas to Turks, the United States has for the first time taken measures that affect ordinary Turks.
The decision is aggravating existing resentments toward Turkey in the United States and fueling anti-Americanism in Turkey.
* Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services.
Keywords:  ['turkey', 'turkish', 'relations', 'states', 'times', 'turks', 'rule', 'crisis', 'united', 'union', 'usturkey', 'fix', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Oh come on,” Mr. Baker said, responding to a question from the Facebook Live audience.
“First of all: We try not to use anonymous sources,” Mr. Baquet said.
“And I feel very strongly that anonymous sources should not be able to have quotations,” and should only state facts, he said.
As to the charge that The Times has a liberal bias, Mr. Baker drew a distinction between the paper’s news report and its opinion pages.
“It just so happens that the best media, the most powerful media, are on the coasts,” Mr. Baquet said.
Keywords:  ['seven', 'trump', 'journalists', 'sources', 'anonymous', 'baker', 'cover', 'times', 'takeaways', 'baquet', 'mr', 'twitter', 'think', 'media', 'added', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['moves', '2017', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'papadopoulos', 'muellers', 'performers', 'great', 'legal', 'decoding']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The choices made by the director and his collaborators suggest one model for culturally conscious filmmaking at the blockbuster level.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
For example, in early drafts of the film, Miguel’s grandmother was a coldblooded disciplinarian who kept him in line using a wooden spoon.
Though the only borders it depicts are metaphysical (skeletal customs agents make an appearance), “Coco” will arrive at a moment of pitched far-right and nationalist sentiment.
“It’s been painful for me and a lot of people that there’s been so much negativity in the world, specifically and unfairly having to do with Mexico,” Mr. Unkrich said, declining to refer to Mr. Trump by name.
Keywords:  ['conscious', 'sure', 'unkrich', 'pixar', 'early', 'president', 'helped', 'culturally', 'mr', 'mexican', 'mexico', 'film', 'coco', 'miguels']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I don’t think that Trump has read a book in his adult life, or that he knows anything about American history, black history, any history.
I don’t think he knows what’s in the Constitution.
I don’t think he knows anything about Civil War history, or just about any kind of history.
I think a lot of people are staying in their own bubbles and only hearing things that reinforce what they already believe.
Yeah, are we just going to go about our lives and try to be normal?
Keywords:  ['cant', 'trump', 'teach', 'times', 'normal', 'la', 'going', 'dont', 'album', 'pretend', 'work', 'lot', 'john', 'think', 'legend', 'history']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To the Editor:I have a solution to having a president who is obsessed with rescinding, repealing and reversing anything connected with the previous administration.
Assemble laws, regulations and executive orders adopted under President Barack Obama.
Stamp them with the current date and the Trump name.
Then, the hard part: Find President Trump in a quiet moment.
Compared with the mendacity coming out of Washington, this is a little white lie that could save millions a world of pain and displacement.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'good', 'president', 'public', 'save', 'obama', 'white', 'washington', 'reversing', 'stamp', 'solution', 'tricking']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Soon after, Mr. Peña Nieto officially announced that he would not attend, effectively beating Mr. Trump to the punch.
“Peña Nieto has made a superhuman effort,” said Jesus Silva-Herzog, a professor at the School of Government at Tecnológico de Monterrey.
For months, Mr. Peña Nieto made his choice clear.
For Mr. Peña Nieto, the economics were particularly difficult.
By the time Mr. Peña Nieto invited Mr. Trump to Mexico for a visit during the American presidential campaign, his own image was as tarnished as the one Mr. Trump had painted of Mexico.
Keywords:  ['corner', 'trump', 'meeting', 'way', 'mexico', 'wall', 'punches', 'president', 'trumps', 'peña', 'mr', 'united', 'enrique', 'nieto']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoVATICAN CITY — Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said on Saturday that Pope Francis had encouraged her to work to preserve the Paris climate accord despite the United States’ decision to withdraw and that he shared her aim to “bring down walls,” not build them.
Ms. Merkel met with the pope for about 40 minutes on Saturday in the Apostolic Palace, focusing on a Group of 20 summit meeting that Germany will host in Hamburg from July 7-8.
The Vatican said the talks focused on the need for the international community to combat poverty, hunger, terrorism and climate change.
Ms. Merkel told reporters she had briefed the pope on Germany’s Group of 20 agenda, which she said “assumes that we are a world in which we want to work together multilaterally, a world in which we don’t want to build walls but bring down walls.”Advertisement Continue reading the main storyFrancis has consistently called for nations to build bridges, not walls — an apparent reference to the wall that President Trump wants to build on the border with Mexico.
Keywords:  ['world', 'walls', 'paris', 'group', 'francis', 'urged', 'pope', 'bring', 'build', 'work', 'germany', 'fight', 'accord', 'merkel', 'climate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In her opening monologue, Ms. Stewart, the show’s host, recalled a period in 2012 when Mr. Trump posted several tweets about the relationship she had with her “Twilight” co-star Robert Pattinson.
(In one tweet Mr. Trump wrote that Ms. Stewart “cheated on him like a dog & will do it again,” and in another he invited Mr. Pattinson to attend the Miss Universe pageant.)
“To be fair,” Ms. Stewart said, “I don’t think Donald Trump hated me.
Mr. Trump has posted complaints and criticisms of “Saturday Night Live” on his Twitter account over the past several months, though he has not weighed in on the show in the weeks since his inauguration.
Mr. Baldwin, whose impression of Mr. Trump has often been a target of the president’s ire, is scheduled to host “S.N.L.” next Saturday, Feb. 11.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'spicer', 'ms', 'goes', 'words', 'rocky', 'melissa', 'stewart', 'reporter', 'sign', 'snl', 'mr', 'mccarthy', 'sean', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  She said she also asked Mr. Trump to make certain that the Department of Homeland Security did not target the young immigrants.
Mr. Trump once held a fund-raiser for Mr. Schumer at Mar-a-Lago, the president’s Florida retreat.
Mr. Trump has ridiculed Mr. Schumer on Twitter as “Cryin’ Chuck Schumer.” When Mr. Trump convened a cabinet meeting in June, Mr. Schumer released a parody video mocking all of the secretaries praising the president.
Mr. Schumer said in the interview that he was surprised that Mr. Trump sided with Democrats on their fiscal plan.
But he said “the next big test” will be whether Mr. Trump takes a leadership role in helping to pass the Dream Act.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'schumer', 'sees', 'sign', 'bipartisan', 'energized', 'house', 'mr', 'path', 'program', 'think', 'pelosi']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  By his final years in office, Mr. Obama had little hope that Congress would actually do that.
And in decertifying the Iran nuclear deal, Mr. Trump pressed Congress to come up with ways to curb Tehran’s destabilizing activities before he pulls out of the agreement altogether.
Mr. Trump also faces obstacles to pushing through his major tax cut program by the end of the year.
Mr. Trump was a harsh critic of Mr. Obama for relying too much on executive power to enact his agenda but has aggressively wielded his own executive pen since taking office.
“What’s remarkable is how early in his administration President Trump is resorting to executive unilateralism,” said Mr. Galston, now a Brookings Institution scholar.
Keywords:  ['legacy', 'trump', 'seeking', 'democrats', 'health', 'executive', 'president', 'obama', 'adopts', 'undo', 'mr', 'approach', 'program', 'care', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In 2006 Mr. Franken was already considering his 2008 Senate run, which gives the photo all the more disturbing resonance.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Bush are driving to meet the actress Arianne Zucker of “Days of Our Lives,” on which Mr. Trump is about to make a cameo.
I’m not going to don a powdered wig and rule on whether Mr. Franken and Mr. Trump are equivalent, or whose offenses were worse than whose.
Mr. Franken won the election, for instance, despite being attacked by his opponent for his past rape and pornography jokes.
Mr. Franken may be damaged, after all, but Mr. Trump was ultimately elected, despite numerous accusations of sexual harassment and abuse.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'hollywood', 'ms', 'shes', 'reading', 'politics', 'franken', 'audience', 'hiding', 'men', 'mr', 'jokes']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
The bill will also give gigantic tax cuts to the wealthy and, as a result, cause the deficit to soar.
Now the tax bill moves to the Senate, where its fate is more uncertain than it was in the House.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Also on the tax bill: Seth Hanlon explains how the Tax Foundation, an advocacy organization for corporate tax cuts, has cast itself as a group of disinterested experts.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'mcconnells', 'mitch', 'senators', 'times', 'today', 'middleclass', 'main', 'sign', 'house', 'hike', 'newsletter', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Democrats said the mandate repeal would underwrite tax cuts for the rich at the expense of people who buy insurance on the individual market.
“We’re optimistic that inserting the individual mandate repeal would be helpful,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader.
In a letter on Tuesday, groups representing doctors, hospitals and insurers urged congressional leaders to keep the individual mandate in place.
Senate Republicans, who unveiled their tax proposal last week, are planning to vote on their own version the week after Thanksgiving.
But Ms. Murray rejected any suggestion that the mandate repeal could be paired with her legislation.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'republican', 'health', 'repeal', 'plans', 'individual', 'end', 'house', 'mandate', 'senate', 'republicans', 'proposal', 'insurance', 'revised', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  As director of the White House National Trade Council, Mr. Navarro would not automatically be guaranteed a place on a presidential delegation to Asia.
But more than any other White House official, Mr. Navarro is identified with an anti-China stance on trade.
Mr. Navarro now reports to Mr. Cohn, after a reshuffle engineered by Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, John F. Kelly.
Mr. Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, has argued against the most aggressive protectionist moves advocated by Mr. Bannon and Mr. Navarro.
Mr. Trump will, however, be backed by a full complement of national security advisers.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'subtle', 'china', 'isnt', 'president', 'white', 'sent', 'asia', 'navarro', 'house', 'mr', 'united', 'trade', 'messages', 'joining', 'chinese']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoAmericans have long struggled with the question of whether this country should be more involved in world affairs, or less.
There have been plenty of mistakes and unforeseen developments that have tested the United States and raised questions about the wisdom of its policies.
President Trump is now taking a sledgehammer to that system.
He promises to put “America first” while at the same time condemning it to a secondary role in global deliberations.
Meanwhile, his running feuds with the free press, the courts and Congress are diminishing America’s standing as a bastion of constitutional liberties.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'war', 'way', 'surrenders', 'system', 'america', 'mr', 'united', 'role', 'states', 'international', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Trump administration’s decisions to rescind the temporary protection status for Nicaraguans is part of its effort to reduce both legal and illegal immigration to the United States.
She had read and heard that her temporary protected status would be cut off immediately.
Like many other recipients of temporary protected status, Ms. Osorio built a life here expecting that she would not be forced to return anytime soon.
For years, she said, she had been trying to apply for a green card based on her marriage, and she hoped she would succeed before the temporary program expired.
Salvadorans, who make up about 60 percent of those in the Temporary Protected Status program, were first granted protection in March 2001 after a series of earthquakes in the country.
Keywords:  ['status', 'special', 'permission', 'immigration', 'protected', 'nicaraguans', 'live', 'lose', 'osorio', '2500', 'going', 'temporary', 'united', 'program', 'states', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyOur reporter witnessed the three-hour surgery in Texas.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Finally, have you thought about working for The New York Times?
Back StoryPhotoThe Olympic torch was lit today in Greece, beginning the countdown to the next Winter Games.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhat would you like to see here?
Keywords:  ['trump', 'south', 'reading', 'week', 'migrants', 'times', 'olympic', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'games', 'continue', 'torch', 'syria', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump originally threatened to simply impound remittances, a matter of dubious legal standing and some logistical complication.
PhotoWhat Mr. Trump seems not to reckon with is that people find a way around barriers like these.
What’s more, visa fees are dedicated by statute to finance United States consular activities around the world.
When the dust settles on Mr. Trump’s rearrangement of relations with Mexico, Mexico is unlikely to keep lending a hand.
The United States’ most effective tool to curb illegal immigration will be lost.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'pay', 'money', 'wall', 'states', 'border', 'remittances', 'abound', 'obstacles', 'mr', 'mexican', 'united', 'mexico', 'making', 'mexicans', 'ideas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The opposition almost toppled him, but with the aid of Russia, Iran and Iran’s Hezbollah militia, Assad was able to pummel the Syrian Sunnis into submission as well.
ISIS was the deformed creature created by a pincers movement — Russia, Iran, Assad and Hezbollah in Syria on one flank and Iran and pro-Iranian militias in Iraq on the other.
When Trump said he wanted to partner with Russia to crush ISIS, it was music to the ears of Assad, Russia, Iran and Hezbollah.
Just letting Assad keep trying to restore control over all of Syria will mean endless massacres.
Having NATO and the Arab League establish a safe zone in Syria for the same purpose is worth a try.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'realworld', 'russia', 'president', 'hezbollah', 'america', 'trumps', 'sign', 'syria', 'assad', 'iran', 'youre', 'lesson', 'syrian']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Without a viable health care agenda of their own, Republicans now face a choice between two options: Obamacare and a gradual shift toward a single-payer system.
And they would do it unwittingly, by undermining the most conservative health care system that Americans are willing to accept.
You’ve no doubt heard of that conservative system.
Let me take a step back to explain how we got here and how the politics of health care will most likely play out after last week’s Republican crackup.
He turned over health care to Price, a surgeon and Georgia congressman with an amazing record, and not in a good way.
Keywords:  ['health', 'singlepayer', 'system', 'sign', 'willing', 'republicans', 'york', 'social', 'care', 'obamacare', 'conservative', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Of the 11 million people who are buying health insurance coverage through the exchanges, all but 1.7 million are receiving subsidies through Obamacare.
“Much less expensive and much better.” According to early estimates from Standard & Poor’s and Brookings, between six and 15 million Americans would lose insurance coverage under Trumpcare.
Even House Speaker Paul Ryan, appearing on Face the Nation, seemed to acknowledge that some who currently have health insurance would lose it.
Fact #6:Estimating the impact of proposed legislation is precisely what the Congressional Budget Office was set up to do back in 1974.
In fact, Kentucky has seen the largest drop of any state in the uninsured rate under Obamacare, as this chart shows:
Keywords:  ['mulvaney', 'fiction', 'health', 'premiums', 'coverage', 'million', 'mr', 'obamacare', 'insurance', 'impact', 'trumpcare', 'currently', 'fact']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
I’m going to use today’s newsletter to disagree partially with an op-ed in which I think the authors muddy this distinction.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Democrats, they write, must “reject the siren calls of the left, whose policies and ideas have weakened the party.” They list a series of issues on which the party should move to the right in order to attract working-class votes: trade, immigration, crime, jobs and social issues.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'times', 'today', 'opinion', 'newsletter', 'calls', 'party', 'sign', 'receive', 'siren', 'oped', 'left', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Kelly, who arrived back in the United States with Mr. Trump Tuesday night aboard Air Force One, provided details about the president’s diplomatic outreach on behalf of the U.C.L.A.
“Our president said to Xi, ‘Do you know anything about these knuckleheads that got caught allegedly stealing?’” Mr. Kelly said.
We’d love to see this taken care of in an expeditious way,’” Mr. Kelly added.
Mr. Trump was uncharacteristically quiet about the players and their situation until his overseas trip was winding down.
But once he was headed home, Mr. Trump provided the first indications that the actions of the three young men had prompted a conversation at the highest of levels.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'china', 'kelly', 'ball', 'president', 'helped', 'players', 'ucla', 'liberate', 'mr', 'xi', 'knuckleheads', 'told']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The free-market welfare state may seem like an oxymoron — especially from the perspective of today’s conservative ideologues — but it’s in fact the best idea for a fractious, cornered Republican Party.
Let’s start with the regulatory state.
Republicans make a critical mistake, both factual and strategic, when they cast the welfare state as the enemy of prosperity and freedom.
Far and away the biggest items in the budgets of advanced countries are “welfare state” social programs, like Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, which account for nearly half the federal budget.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyFortunately, defending a more freewheeling economy implies no hostility to the welfare state.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'shouldnt', 'state', 'gop', 'economic', 'enemy', 'welfare', 'regulatory', 'voters', 'work', 'republicans', 'social', 'freedom', 'spending']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  Benghazi Attacks Suspect Is Captured in Libya by U.S.
Commandos Image The American consulate in Benghazi, Libya, was attacked in September 2012. Credit Esam Al-Fetori/ReutersWASHINGTON — American commandos captured a suspect in the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, the Trump administration said on Monday, bringing into custody a second man accused in the terrorist attacks that have been used by Republicans as a political spear against the Obama administration.
Officials said Mr. Imam was living in Tripoli and had recently traveled to Misurata, a coastal city between Tripoli and Benghazi.
Earlier this year, the United States extradited a man suspected of belonging to Al Qaeda from Spain to stand trial in the United States.
Mr. Imam, who is about 46, is accused of taking part in the attacks on the diplomatic compound and the C.I.A.
Keywords:  ['officials', 'benghazi', 'captured', 'imam', 'states', 'mr', 'commandos', 'united', 'suspect', 'attacks', 'libya', 'team']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It’s just the latest example of the way Mr. Trump has attempted to harness vague, unspecified threats to inspire fear and advance his political agenda.
The Associated Press first reported on Aug. 10 that State Department employees had been targeted by these attacks.
Since then, much of the news coverage of the incident has turned to a discussion of technical questions about sonic weaponry.
The State Department’s explanation — that sound was used to make people sick — is perfectly tailored to frighten us.
It plays on the well-established way humans tend to associate sound and illness with hidden, unknowable threats.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'weapons', 'state', 'hidden', 'states', 'embassy', 'mysterious', 'sign', 'illnesses', 'sound', 'tools', 'scary', 'united', 'political', 'sonic', 'sounds']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoPresident Trump’s inaugural committee, under fire for a delay in donating its remaining funds to charity, plans to give $3 million to three organizations involved in hurricane rescue efforts, officials said on Tuesday.
Thomas J. Barrack Jr., chairman of the private Presidential Inaugural Committee, said the money will be divided equally among three groups — the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army and Samaritan’s Purse, an evangelical group.
All three groups are involved in relief efforts after a string of hurricanes that ravaged the Gulf Coast, Florida and the Caribbean.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe committee raised $107 million for the inauguration, a record amount, accepting corporate individual donations in amounts up to $1 million.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'reading', 'donate', 'main', 'trumps', 'relief', 'million', 'involved', 'sign', 'continue', 'inaugural', 'committee', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Now that Mr. Trump has decertified Iran’s compliance with the nuclear agreement, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions.
Mr. Trump called on Congress and America’s allies to use the time “to address the deal’s many serious flaws.” If not, he said, “the agreement will be terminated.”By “fix” Mr. Trump means legislation to impose new conditions on Iran beyond the purview of the agreement and to extend its constraints indefinitely.
That would put the United States, not Iran, in violation of the agreement and isolate Washington, not Tehran, around the world.
Congress must resist the temptation — and the political pressure — to unilaterally renegotiate the Iran deal and therefore kill it.
Unlike Mr. Trump’s decision to decertify Iran, that would be a real contribution to America’s security.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'agreement', 'alienates', 'nuclear', 'irans', 'sign', 'hands', 'mr', 'deal', 'united', 'victory', 'iran', 'allies', 'states', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In the case of 84 Lumber, Ms. Magerko said that Fox vetoed the initial idea based on a storyboard of the proposed commercial from Brunner, the company’s ad agency.
That document, which was reviewed by The New York Times, said the commercial would show a mother and daughter on “an arduous journey north,” as American workers built a large structure.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
But Ms. Magerko said that was not 84 Lumber’s plan, noting that the company is still showing the edited 90-second spot that Fox has approved.
As for immigration and the wall, “We didn’t know this was going to be the hot topic six weeks ago,” Ms. Magerko said.
Keywords:  ['ad', 'ms', 'wall', 'topic', 'politically', 'bowl', 'super', 'company', 'american', 'commercials', 'sides', 'know', 'magerko', 'workers', 'challenge', 'taking', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In May, the campaign sent a letter to current and former staff members instructing them to retain documents related to the campaign.
Mr. Futerfas did not respond to a request for comment, nor did representatives from the Trump campaign and Jones Day.
The legal spending revealed on Sunday brings to $2.1 million the legal fees paid by the campaign and its two joint committees this year.
Mr. Trump still holds rallies around the country, and the costs included facility rentals, as well as travel and the red Make America Great Again hats sold on Mr. Trump’s campaign website.
In addition to the standard legal costs stemming from running any large organization, the campaign has continued to pay fees related to lawsuits against it.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'fees', 'russia', 'widen', 'campaign', 'surges', 'lawyer', 'trumps', 'related', 'mr', 'legal', 'inquiries', 'committees', 'spending', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So yes again, hurricanes have now become a central component of what I call the climate swerve: the powerful shift in our awareness of climate truths.
The Paris climate conference of December 2015 was a stunning demonstration of the reach and force of the climate swerve.
His determination to withdraw from the agreement was no surprise, since he had long rejected the idea of climate change as nonexistent, not human-caused or a hoax.
And while the climate swerve may ebb and flow, it is gathering momentum and will have to be reckoned with for generations.
We have squandered opportunities to reduce global warming and there has already been more suffering from climate change than we have allowed ourselves to recognize.
Keywords:  ['world', 'paris', 'changing', 'swerve', 'sign', 'warming', 'change', 'global', 'mindset', 'climate', 'species']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The plan would eliminate the estate tax, which currently applies to individuals with estates of $5.5 million or couples with estates worth $11 million.
Administration officials said the plan would simplify paying taxes, particularly emphasizing plans to eliminate the alternative minimum tax.
The plan would eliminate the federal tax deduction for state and local income tax.
The Trump plan doesn’t come with any estimates of its impact on the federal deficit.
Even if adjusted to be temporary, the presence of deficit hawks among Republicans would make the Trump plan no slam dunk to pass.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'federal', 'plan', 'winners', 'deficit', 'rate', 'income', 'eliminate', 'taxes', 'losers', 'york']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  While Border Patrol fatalities are relatively rare, agents are not infrequently attacked on the job.
Chris Cabrera, a spokesman for the National Border Patrol Council, the officers’ union, said that individual border agents often arrest dozens of people at a time without any help from colleagues.
Agent Martinez confirmed over his radio that it had been set off by humans, Mr. Cabrera said.
Agent Martinez called for backup, and when his partner, whose name has not been released, arrived, the partner called out over the radio that Mr. Martinez was unconscious.
Instead, Mr. O’Rourke, who opposes the barrier, expressed support for the work of Border Patrol agents like Agent Martinez, while acknowledging that the topic was contentious.
Keywords:  ['martinez', 'growing', 'remote', 'border', 'agent', 'patrol', 'highlights', 'patrols', 'risk', 'mr', 'death', 'national', 'work', 'cabrera', 'officers', 'agents']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Businesses unable or unwilling to join such associations might face higher premiums in the Obamacare market.
Most Obamacare customers get federal subsidies that help them buy insurance, and they would not feel the increases.
But higher-income customers who choose to buy Obamacare insurance may need to pay more.
The Tennessee insurance market gives us some sense of what happens when some plans have to follow Obamacare rules and others don’t.
The Obamacare insurance market, as a result, is shakier than in many other states, since there are fewer people buying insurance there, and they tend to be less healthy.
Keywords:  ['order', 'twin', 'health', 'blows', 'plans', 'buy', 'market', 'trumps', 'customers', 'likely', 'know', 'rules', 'insurance', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Instead, partly because of those cuts, Mr. Trump is forfeiting the mantle of fiscal conservatism that the Republican Party claimed for a century.
Like “Ryan Republicans” — defined for nearly a decade by the budget plans of Representative Paul D. Ryan, now House speaker — Mr. Trump is promising multitrillion-dollar tax cuts that overwhelmingly benefit the top 1 percent.
What Mr. Trump proposes to cut is the relatively small 15 percent share of total federal spending that nonetheless covers most government operations, other than the Pentagon and entitlement programs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyMr. Trump is bound to fail to get cuts as deep as he wants.
And as Maya MacGuineas, president of the fiscally conservative Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, noted, the portion “is projected to grow more slowly than inflation” going forward.
Keywords:  ['budget', 'trump', 'war', 'cuts', 'president', 'fiscal', 'trumps', 'math', 'gops', 'republicans', 'programs', 'expands', 'ryan', 'mr', 'spending']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
You can see this dependence on good intentions by looking at how health reform has played out at the state level.
The truly amazing thing about these sabotage efforts is that they don’t serve any obvious purpose.
No, Mr. Trump, Obamacare isn’t failing; you are.
Keywords:  ['sabotage', 'trump', 'states', 'law', 'health', 'times', 'sign', 'work', 'try', 'used', 'care', 'obamacare', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The employer-driven insurance industry had no clue how to provide sufficient health care to the people who were already insured.
Thankfully, I had kept my insurance coverage, as the A.C.A.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAlso thanks to the A.C.A., I began buying my insurance through my state’s health care exchange website.
Republican plans to fix health care simply put mud back into the pool, finding new ways to stop covering sick Americans.
If it is cancer, she’s lucky she got it now, before her government decides to cut off her health insurance.
Keywords:  ['health', 'patients', 'cuts', 'job', 'coverage', 'america', 'cancer', 'medicaid', 'work', 'obamacare', 'insurance', 'care', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Until recently, the Mexican government had only insinuated that security cooperation was on the table.
However, a third core pillar of the relationship — our bilateral defense and security relationship — is also being tested.
A deterioration of our defense cooperation threatens the stability and security of our hemisphere in areas from illicit trafficking to migration-related humanitarian crises to destabilizing crime and violence.
These developments are unfortunate, given that President Trump inherited a partnership of exceptional collaboration in the defense sphere.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBy jeopardizing United States-Mexico counternarcotics cooperation, President Trump risks cutting off his nose to spite his face.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'president', 'united', 'cooperation', 'defense', 'sign', 'risks', 'mexican', 'national', 'mexico', 'security', 'states', 'naftas', 'renegotiation']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Taking harassment seriously also requires making serious distinctions,” Jonah Goldberg, a conservative columnist, wrote recently for The Los Angeles Times.
The wave of accusations has also led to demands that society recognize and repair the harm of sexual misconduct.
Women are often told to grow a “thicker skin” and become less sensitive to harassment.
People worry that we are sliding down a slippery slope to neo-puritanism, or in the throes of a witch hunt for sexual impropriety.
Opposing sexual assault became a way to call Mr. Trump unfit for office, and so it fit within the familiar context of partisan rivalry.
Keywords:  ['sexual', 'reading', 'harassment', 'victims', 'respond', 'harm', 'women', 'wrongdoing', 'main', 'mr', 'group', 'punishment']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  VideoAs the network’s chairman and chief executive, Mr. Ailes was widely feared, particularly by conservative politicians who sought his favor.
But Mr. Ailes was finished at Fox, and walked away with a payout reportedly worth $40 million.
With characteristic bite, Mr. Ailes described their defection as “a jailbreak.”Roger Eugene Ailes was born on May 15, 1940, in Warren, Ohio, a blue-collar town near Youngstown.
In 2000, with the birth of a son, Zachary, Mr. Ailes became a first-time father at nearly 60.
In that era Mr. Ailes also flirted with the theater world, producing a few Off Broadway shows.
Keywords:  ['fox', 'reading', 'campaign', 'built', 'television', '77', 'empire', 'network', 'ailes', 'mr', 'presidential', 'roger', 'political', 'dies', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The possibility that he might be a suitable host body for Bannon’s worldview had not occurred to Bannon before Trump spoke.
“The thing you need to know about Trump,” Bannon said, “is he doesn’t care about the Republican Party and he doesn’t care about the Democratic Party.
Jeff Duncan, a congressman from South Carolina who was present, told me that Trump told them: “I need you guys.
“I want all 237 of you,” he said, according to Duncan, referring to the entire House Republican conference.
That included the more moderate members, who had told Trump they felt that the White House wasn’t paying sufficient attention to their concerns.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'bannon', 'republican', 'president', 'vs', 'going', 'trumps', 'house', 'republicans', 'told', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['journey', 'wall', '2017', 'borderlands', 'magazinethe', 'great', 'performers', 'chose']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', '2017', 'plan', 'president', 'chose', 'reveals', 'magazinethe', 'great', 'performers', 'cut', 'watch']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Health care wonks like Andy Slavitt (who had run Medicare and Medicaid) and Topher Spiro used Twitter to explain what Congress was doing — and urge action.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe UnintimidatedPhotoAt least nine Republican senators expressed grave doubts about the bills.
Yet, like Roberts, he realized that taking health coverage from millions, in a hasty, secretive process, could damage his favorite institution — the Senate.
But the fact is, many Americans would soon lack health insurance were it not for the unity of elected Democrats.
One day, Americans will look back on it with respect and, yes, nostalgia.
Keywords:  ['saved', 'bills', 'republican', 'reading', 'collins', 'health', 'senators', 'vote', 'trumps', 'sign', 'worked', 'insurance', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThe United States has been at war continuously since the attacks of 9/11 and now has just over 240,000 active-duty and reserve troops in at least 172 countries and territories.
While the number of men and women deployed overseas has shrunk considerably over the past 60 years, the military’s reach has not.
An additional 37,813 troops serve on presumably secret assignment in places listed simply as “unknown.” The Pentagon provided no further explanation.
There are 6,524 troops in Bahrain and 3,055 in Qatar, where the United States has naval bases.
So far, Americans seem to accept that these missions and the deployments they require will continue indefinitely.
Keywords:  ['iraq', '100', 'engaged', 'active', 'afghanistan', 'operations', 'forever', 'training', 'troops', 'forces', 'reserve', 'wars', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:President Trump said at the Values Voter Summit last week: “Guess what?
We’re saying Merry Christmas again” (news article, Oct. 14).
Tell me, Mr. Trump, will you be greeting your Jewish son-in-law and daughter with a hearty “Merry Christmas” on Hanukkah?
Will your fancy hotel in Washington tell international visitors from Asia, the Middle East and Africa to have a merry Christmas?
(Surely they deserve a friendly wish while they enrich your coffers by their stay there.)
Keywords:  ['merry', 'trump', 'values', 'week', 'christmas', 'say', 'jared', 'washington', 'welch', 'voter', 'wish', 'visitors']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The candidate was Greg Gianforte, a Republican running for Congress in Montana’s closely watched special election.
But if it wasn’t immediately obvious where he took his political inspiration, Mr. Gianforte spelled it out in five gold-plated letters.
“The first thing we’re going to do is we’re going to work with Donald Trump,” Mr. Gianforte said.
At a time when President Trump is mired in the most heated scandal of his short administration — with questions swirling around a Russia investigation and the firing of James B. Comey as director of the F.B.I.
— Mr. Gianforte is barreling toward a special election with the full-throated endorsement of the president.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'special', 'republican', 'race', 'scandal', 'montana', 'president', 'watched', 'going', 'work', 'gianforte', 'mr', 'election', 'playbook', 'following', 'took']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main story_____Photo5.
_____The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWant to catch up on past briefings?
Keywords:  ['evening', 'puerto', 'officials', 'tax', 'reading', 'plan', 'springsteen', 'moore', 'briefing', 'main', 'region', 'continue', 'posted', 'roy', 'rico', 'referendum']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Research by Fordham University shows that the global gag rule drastically curtailed community-based H.I.V.
This is why President George W. Bush explicitly exempted Pepfar funding from the policy.
Mr. Trump’s decision to include Pepfar and expand the global gag rule’s reach underscores this administration’s gross incompetence when it comes to global health.
Legislation like the Global HER Act is a critical step to making sure that progress toward ending AIDS is not reversed.
SERRA SIPPEL, WASHINGTONThe writer is president of the Center for Health and Gender Equity (Change).
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'president', 'funding', 'aids', 'rule', 'trumps', 'gag', 'mr', 'global', 'pepfar', 'hiv']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, said, “We are going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” after Republicans decided to pull the bill repealing Obamacare in a blow to President Trump.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trump', 'health', 'ways', 'pull', 'president', 'living', 'pulling', 'republicans', 'ryan', 'obamacare', 'speaker', 'setback', 'paul', 'repealing']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It wasn’t until the go-go years of the 1980s, when the first baby boomers were reaching middle age, that large amounts of money poured into the sports memorabilia market, especially for baseball-related items, which make up about 70 percent of the vintage market.
The value of trading cards for the most famous players including Mickey Mantle and Hank Aaron jumped.
PhotoSo in time, insurers started writing policies that covered sports memorabilia and authenticators began to verify the legitimacy of cards and other items.
“There’s only so much you can put in real estate and Wall Street,” said Mr. Ivy, whose company handles about $60 million in auction sales annually.
“I see it like art, something we grow up with and at the end of the day, evokes passion in us,” Mr. Ivy said.
Keywords:  ['money', 'worn', 'jersey', 'items', 'market', 'cards', 'york', 'mr', 'love', 'jerseys', 'ivy', 'trading', 'memorabilia']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  VideoThe following is a complete transcript, as prepared by The New York Times, of President Trump’s remarks from the White House in the wake of the shooting in Las Vegas.
Last night a gunman opened fire on a large crowd at a country music concert in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I want to thank the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police department and all of the first responders for their courageous efforts and for helping to save the lives of so many.
I will be visiting Las Vegas on Wednesday to meet with law enforcement, first responders, and the families of the victims.
Melania and I are praying for every American who has been hurt, wounded or lost the ones they loved so dearly in this terrible, terrible attack.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'shooting', 'thank', 'times', 'las', 'loss', 'god', 'video', 'praying', 'terrible', 'speaks', 'york', 'transcript', 'wounded', 'vegas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So Trump plans to blow up the deficit bigly, largely to his own personal benefit; but that’s about all we know.
So why would the White House release such an embarrassing document?
Clearly, Trump and company should just let it go and move on to something else.
But that would require a certain level of maturity — which is a quality nowhere to be found in this White House.
Let’s not pretend that we’re having a real discussion of, say, the growth effects of changes in business tax rates.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'say', 'times', 'good', 'white', 'living', 'sign', 'dont', 'house', 'zone', 'tell']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And in an email forwarded by the White House, the president said on Friday that he still relied on Mr. Kushner.
Speculation about Mr. Kushner’s role comes as the long shadow of the special counsel’s investigation darkens the White House.
The scrutiny by Mr. Mueller upended Mr. Kushner’s initial hopes, according to some colleagues.
Mr. Kushner’s father, Charles, has urged his son to hang on, arguing that otherwise he will become the fall guy for White House mistakes, according to someone in Jared Kushner’s circle.
The White House has failed to name chief information officers for nine major agencies, including Defense, Treasury and Homeland Security.
Keywords:  ['kushner', 'trump', 'vast', 'kushners', 'jared', 'president', 'white', 'presidents', 'house', 'duties', 'mr', 'visibility', 'role', 'shrink']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  At a rally in an airport hangar reminiscent of his fiery events during last year’s presidential campaign, Mr. Trump told hundreds of truckers that slashing rates would produce more hauling contracts and put more money in their pockets.
Uncertain that he can count on a fragile Republican majority during a critical Senate vote next week, he sought to pressure Pennsylvania’s Democratic senator to support the plan.
“We’re going to fight, and we’re going to get those Republicans and maybe of few of those Democrats to raise their hand,” Mr. Trump told the cheering crowd.
That is why we have proposed tax cuts that are pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family and pro-American.”But if he hoped to turn Senator Bob Casey, the Democrat, Mr. Trump made little traction.
In a statement, Mr. Casey called the president’s plan “a massive tax giveaway” to the richest Americans at the expense of the middle class.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'hunts', 'tax', 'money', 'casey', 'democratic', 'plan', 'going', 'pennsylvania', 'senator', 'mr', 'told', 'support']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The essence of Cassidy-Collins, and the reason that many Republicans don’t like it, is that it isn’t actually a full Obamacare replacement.
Taken as a whole, this approach distills both the promise and the peril of conservative health care policy.
In which case many people with consistent health care costs for chronic problems would rack up impossible medical bills in short order.
That system may not survive, and its condition has a lot to teach us about the problems with liberal health economics.
In a few months, however, it might turn into conservative health care reform’s best hope.
Keywords:  ['conservatives', 'states', 'catastrophic', 'health', 'repeal', 'problems', 'compete', 'system', 'exchanges', 'care', 'obamacare', 'conservative']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sexy Mr. Clean Provokes Litany of EmotionsPhotoMr. Clean caused a stir this year as he took a turn as something of a sex symbol.
“Am I ... sexually attracted to Mr. Clean?” one person wrote on Twitter.
Mr. Clean.” One thing was clear: the ad left people with a lot of feelings.
aim to avoid politics84 Lumber, a supplier of building materials in Pennsylvania, ran its first Super Bowl ad before the halftime show.
Some were dismayed that the ad was followed by a commercial for Mr. Clean, showing him as a sex symbol to women at home.
Keywords:  ['commercial', 'celebrity', 'cameos', 'ad', 'chief', 'equal', 'super', 'bowl', 'women', 'company', 'million', 'wrote', 'commercials', 'feature', 'mr', 'political', 'undertones', 'clean']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can use The Upshot’s playoff simulator to explore all of the _’ remaining paths to the playoffs — and the paths for every other team.
First, consider the ’ remaining games.
See what happens if the _ win… or if they lose.
RESETColor highlights particularly important games: outcomes in green help the _’ odds, while those in pink hurt them.
As you choose outcomes, the color changes to reflect the new effect of other games.
Keywords:  ['seahawks', 'visitor', 'steelers', 'bengals', 'seed', 'cincinnati', 'titans', 'redskins', 'saints', 'wins', 'playoffs', 'vikings', 'texans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  View all New York Times newsletters.
[The New York Times]• Taiwan’s constitutional court will rule on whether same-sex couples can legally marry.
[The New York Times]• In Indonesia, the Christian governor of Jakarta withdrew an appeal of his two-year jail sentence for blasphemy against Islam.
[The New York Times]• Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan won a crucial vote for an anti-conspiracy bill he said was needed to fight terrorism and organized crime.
The first sitting American president to meet a pope was Woodrow Wilson, nearly a century ago.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'meeting', 'morning', 'reading', 'manchester', 'times', 'president', 'moore', 'briefing', 'donald', 'pope', 'main', 'york', 'roger', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Overall sales of new vehicles in the United States have fallen about 2 percent so far this year, after back-to-back record years.
But as overall sales in the United States continue to slowly erode, the companies must maintain discipline on production schedules and refrain from piling sales incentives on poor-performing models.
Strong balance sheets are essential if the automakers are going to dedicate more spending and resources to expensive strategies for self-driving and electric cars.
The company recently acquired a small laser-imaging company to augment Cruise’s work on outfitting all-electric Chevrolet Bolts with the most advanced self-driving equipment.
Mary T. Barra, G.M.’s chief executive, told analysts that the company was also looking at potential markets for self-driving vehicles outside the United States.
Keywords:  ['finance', 'war', 'future', 'vehicles', 'states', 'production', 'selfdriving', 'company', 'build', 'automakers', 'chrysler', 'continue', 'sales', 'united', 'gm', 'chests']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyRoy E. Wright, who has directed the flood insurance program for FEMA since June 2015, acknowledged in an interview on Friday that major changes were called for and said some were already in the works.
Policymakers thought an insurance program would be better than ad hoc bailouts.
When Congress established the National Flood Insurance Program in 1968, it hoped to revive the private flood-insurance market.
Unable to Keep Up With the Floods The National Flood Insurance Program has been in the red since 2005, when Hurricane Katrina flooded New Orleans and it suddenly had to pay out $16.3 billion in claims.
New construction there is supposed to be flood-resistant, and if the government retreats, private insurers may step in.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'private', 'broken', 'insurers', 'claims', 'house', 'flood', 'broke', 'billion', 'program', 'insurance', 'houses']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoWelcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
Trump and Hurricane MariaLate-night hosts heaped scorn on President Trump on Tuesday for what they called his slowness in addressing the fallout from Hurricane Maria.
A week after the storm slammed Puerto Rico, Mr. Trump announced on Tuesday that he would go there to survey the damage.
“Today Trump announced he will visit Puerto Rico next Tuesday and survey the storm damage.
However, he may have to cancel, depending on what happens on Monday Night Football.” — CONAN O’BRIENSeth Meyers was particularly upset that Mr. Trump chose Monday to remind his Twitter followers that Puerto Rico is in debt to Wall Street banks.
Keywords:  ['hurricane', 'puerto', 'trump', 'lets', 'storm', 'criticizes', 'trumps', 'crisis', 'seth', 'meyers', 'survey', 'mr', 'conan', 'night', 'response', 'rico']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Daily Listen to ‘The Daily’: Bowe Bergdahl Pleads Guilty Image Sgt.
On Monday, with Mr. Trump now commander in chief, Sergeant Bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion and to endangering the American troops sent to search for him.
On today’s episode:• Matthew Rosenberg, who writes about intelligence and national security for The New York Times.
• Sergeant Bergdahl talked publicly about his experiences in Afghanistan in the second season of the podcast “Serial.”Tune in, and tell us what you think.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to listen in Stitcher or this link to listen in RadioPublic.
Keywords:  ['bergdahl', 'times', 'guilty', 'youre', 'listen', 'daily', 'sergeant', 'podcast', 'episode', 'producer', 'pleads', 'bowe', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “He lost every primary contest except one, and 60 percent of the country disapproved of his purge.”Although born out of frustration, Roosevelt’s purge was part of a desire to force a party realignment.
Roosevelt in effect was trying to make the Democrats the more uniformly liberal party while leaving the Republicans as the conservative party.
Roosevelt’s experience showed the dangers of isolation in the White House, said Mr. Rove, who has sharply criticized Mr. Bannon’s efforts.
While Mr. Trump’s Republicans can afford to lose only two votes in the Senate, Roosevelt’s Democrats enjoyed large majorities in Congress.
The newspapers called it the “elimination committee” and labeled the campaign Roosevelt’s “purge,” a reference to Stalin’s terror in the Soviet Union.
Keywords:  ['bannon', 'war', 'democrats', 'purge', 'fdr', 'steve', 'party', 'vows', 'roosevelt', 'house', 'work', 'mr', 'roosevelts', 'republicans', 'didnt', 'lesson', 'parties']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  So they need to win at least some of these Freedom Caucus defectors.
Changes that would really please the Freedom Caucus — like getting rid of the tax credits altogether — would be nonstarters with moderates.
How much different do you think the Senate bill would need to be to have a chance?
Margot Even though the House vote count looks tight, the current legislation seems as if it was written with the politics of the House in mind.
I think the Republicans are in a tough spot either way, but I think they’re better off if the bill fails.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'gop', 'health', 'theyre', 'politically', 'repeal', 'vote', 'caucus', 'house', 'republicans', 'senate', 'think', 'better', 'freedom', 'pass', 'doesnt']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoHere’s what to expect in the week ahead:“Brexit”Britain and the European Union meet Monday for a third round of negotiations.
Prashant S. RaoMonthly Job FiguresOn Friday, the Labor Department will release the latest data on unemployment and hiring in August.
Zach WichterNewsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Amazon announced that when the deal has been completed on Monday, it would slash prices for a variety of products immediately.
Keywords:  ['foods', 'reading', 'week', 'remain', 'american', 'drop', 'unemployment', 'sign', 'resume', 'trade', 'brexit', 'round', 'takeover', 'price', 'negotiations', 'york']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  To the Editor:In view of the devastation that would result from nuclear war, there is an obvious need for checks on the president’s authority to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike.
To the Editor:There is a clean solution to prevent a trigger-happy president from launching a nuclear attack: a declaration by the United States of no first use of nuclear weapons, backed by federal law.
Because of the United States’ strong second-strike capability, no first use will remain effective against major powers.
The adoption of no first use might well induce other nuclear states to choose it, which could lead to a new equilibrium: an effective ban on the use of nuclear weapons.
STEVEN J. BRAMS, NEW YORKThe writer is a professor of politics at N.Y.U.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'nuclear', 'authority', 'korea', 'continue', 'writer', 'yorkthe', 'united', 'button', 'states', 'international', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The bill keeps many of the Affordable Care Act’s rules for insurance companies that Republicans have decried for raising costs.
■ Its rule that insurance companies can’t limit the benefits they pay out in a year or a lifetime.
■ The law’s caps on how much customers can be asked to pay for health care through deductibles and co-payments.
It allows insurance companies to charge higher prices to old customers and less to younger ones.
But several health policy experts have said they believe the policy changes could result in the loss of health insurance for 10 million Americans or more.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'companies', 'pay', 'help', 'cost', 'health', 'replacement', 'buy', 'rejecting', 'republicans', 'insurance', 'care', 'healthy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  • President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have both said that they didn’t know of anybody in the Trump campaign who had been in contact with Russians.
The documents also mentioned Sam Clovis, a former Trump campaign aide who was in the running for a senior position at the Department of Agriculture.
PhotoHistorians have traced the notion for daylight saving time to Benjamin Franklin, who realized he was sleeping through some daylight hours while visiting Paris in the 18th century.
But the first plan to actually move the clock hands came from William Willett, who unsuccessfully proposed daylight saving time to the British Parliament in 1908.
You can find out more about daylight saving time here.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'reading', 'saving', 'thor', 'campaign', 'week', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'continue', 'ragnarok', 'daylight', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Trump administration acknowledges that this is a reversal of President Barack Obama’s conclusion that the mandate was needed because the government had a compelling interest in protecting women’s health.
In the new rules, the Trump administration says the Affordable Care Act does not explicitly require coverage of contraceptives.
The Trump administration says the new rules are motivated by “our desire to bring to a close the more than five years of litigation” over the contraceptive coverage mandate.
In expanding the exemption for employers, the Trump administration says there are many other sources of birth control.
The Trump administration has legal reasons for issuing two rules, one for religious objections and one for moral objections.
Keywords:  ['religious', 'trump', 'set', 'health', 'womens', 'coverage', 'birth', 'administration', 'employers', 'mandate', 'rules', 'roll', 'control', 'objections']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PEGGY TROUPIN, NEW YORKTo the Editor:Re “End Partisan Warfare on Health Care” (Op-Ed, March 10):It is more than merely disingenuous for Gov.
John Kasich to claim that the Democrats “chose to ‘fix’ health care unilaterally, without bipartisan support.”President Obama bent over backward trying to bring the Republicans into the health care conversation.
So let’s heed Mr. Kasich, end the civil war over health care (and other safety nets) and begin to heal.
The term “nonprofit” no longer applies to many health care providers.
Like it or not, the only solution is a nationwide single-payer health care system.
Keywords:  ['wisdom', 'health', 'care', 'yorkto', 'main', 'debate', 'need', 'end', 'partisan', 'kasich', 'fix', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
In El Paso, ICE arrested a woman moments after she requested a court’s help keeping away an abusive partner.
Fear and uncertainty caused by this type of courthouse arrest are already keeping people away from the halls of justice.
But top administration officials have vigorously defended courthouse arrests.
With no change to federal policy in sight, it is up to cities and states to push back.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'arrests', 'courthouses', 'states', 'courthouse', 'undercut', 'democracy', 'courts', 'ices', 'sign', 'thats', 'ice', 'justice', 'legal', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Manafort is only one of several officials in the Trump campaign and administration with Russian ties.
Last week, perhaps in anticipation of what was coming from Mr. Mueller’s office, Mr. Trump tweeted the false claim: “It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump.
Was collusion with HC!” For the past week, Mr. Trump, Republicans and conservative media have been pressing that bizarre claim.
It speaks volumes about the integrity — and the growing nervousness — of Mr. Trump and his allies that they would stoop to this level.
But after all, Mr. Trump hired Mr. Manafort, international pariahs’ lobbyist of choice.
Keywords:  ['demand', 'trump', 'answers', 'gop', 'russia', 'campaign', 'investigation', 'administration', 'trumps', 'republicans', 'mr', 'collusion', 'investigations']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Tax economists point out that even tax cuts for the wealthy can have indirect benefits for others.
One of the taxes targeted in the repeal bill is a 3.8 percent tax on investment income, like capital gains.
The tax repeal would solely benefit wealthy Americans because the taxes were imposed only on the wealthiest.
With the 3.8 percent tax imposed by the Affordable Care Act, the top capital gains rate stands at 23.8 percent for the wealthiest Americans.
For all the taxpayers who would benefit, the tax cuts would save nearly $37 billion in a single year by 2026.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'gains', 'analysis', 'cuts', 'plan', 'repeal', 'save', 'americans', 'taxes', 'imposed', 'obamacare', 'wealthy', 'billions', 'york']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  It’s interesting to view “The Little Screens” as the first artistic attempt to document television’s nascent dominance of America.
Though Mr. Friedlander just spoke at the New York Public Library on June 20th (a rarity), he now, at 82, doesn’t do interviews anymore.
“The way Lee put it was, he was retiring from everything except photography,” Thomas Roma said.
He finds the comparison apt, because he sees Mr. Friedlander as an artist of the same sort.
“I can tell he’s come back from a day of shooting,” Mr. McCall said.
Keywords:  ['photos', 'shooting', 'friedlander', 'sets', '1960s', 'mccall', 'tv', 'little', 'lee', 'pictures', 'friedlanders', 'mr', 'screens', 'way', 'roma']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
That provoked Democrats in Congress to be just as obstructionist and hostile as Republicans were under President Obama.
Still, they appreciate President Trump for fighting the fight, especially when it involves going against the wishes of his own party and the customary norms of presidential behavior.
Anything short of blatant evidence of illegality will simply play into their narrative of the president’s battles against his diabolical enemies.
They will continue to see President Trump as the ultimate political independent, taking on the whole world.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'times', 'president', 'performance', 'party', 'actually', 'sign', 'continue', 'washington', 'change', 'failing', 'great', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoIt is tempting to think that the Republican health care proposal, which would do so much damage to so many Americans, will collapse in the Senate, since conservatives and centrists alike have come out against it.
At least some of the Senate opposition to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s opening bid in the health care wars is mere political theater.
His proposal would let insurers sell two different kinds of policies: ones that meet the requirements of the A.C.A.
As a result of their demands, the measure passed by the House would let insurers discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn reality, the lawmakers who will make or break the Senate bill are centrist Republicans and lawmakers who represent states that expanded Medicaid under the A.C.A.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'let', 'health', 'lawmakers', 'plans', 'insurers', 'charade', 'aca', 'house', 'senate', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To its supporters, the mandate is the linchpin of a comprehensive regulatory framework intended to improve the national health care market — and, in particular, to increase the number of people with health insurance.
In this view, the mandate is a form of unacceptable government overreach, a violation of the individual right to avoid engaging in commerce.
The provision was proposed by conservative policy experts at the Heritage Foundation and found traction in the 1990s as part of a health care bill endorsed by a group of Republican senators.
And what opponents have discovered is that the practical arguments have tended to win — even, as we saw in this summer’s failed health care efforts, in a Republican-controlled Congress.
And while Republicans may well be right that the C.B.O.’s current estimate overstates the impact of the mandate on health coverage, what that means is that the budget savings are less substantial as well.
Keywords:  ['view', 'tax', 'practical', 'health', 'fighting', 'coverage', 'provision', 'mandate', 'republicans', 'care', 'oppose']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Supporters of Mr. Trump’s immigration policies welcomed the news.
Since Mr. Trump was elected, reports by Latinos of sexual assaults and domestic violence have declined sharply.
Other aspects of Mr. Trump’s immigration agenda have not produced such quick results.
He said the changes under Mr. Trump were being felt in his area.
The friend said the owner of that company was furious with Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['immigration', 'trump', 'sharply', 'arrests', 'hayes', 'sign', 'trumps', 'immigrants', 'thats', 'mandate', 'mr', 'rise', 'carried', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To pass, it needs at least 215 of the 237 House Republicans to vote for it.
View all New York Times newsletters.
The Republicans are struggling to pass a bill because they haven’t been honest about health policy, as Josh Barro writes in Business Insider.
A substantially more conservative approach necessarily involves taking health care away from people.
Margot Sanger-Katz notes that a straight repeal of Obamacare would take health insurance from many people — but not as many as this bill would.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'big', 'health', 'yes', 'vote', 'times', 'cares', 'day', 'sign', 'house', 'republicans', 'obamacare', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Obamacare program, known as the “state innovation waiver,” was set up to kick in this year.
And, so far, it appears that only a handful of states wish to refashion the Obamacare status quo.
Another is that states have complained that the Obamacare application rules are too strict and onerous.
But making it easier for states to receive waivers could be a way for Republican senators to give states more flexibility.
But while they might achieve many of the same policy goals, those efforts are likely to be cast as Obamacare revisions, not replacements.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'state', 'gop', 'states', 'waiver', 'repeal', 'waivers', 'provision', 'achieve', 'goals', 'rules', 'program', 'insurance', 'way', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  (The Congressional Budget Office said on Tuesday that premiums for the most popular health insurance plans would rise by 20 percent next year, and federal budget deficits would increase by $194 billion in the coming decade, if Mr. Trump ends the subsidies.)
President Trump has threatened to end the subsidies but has yet to take definitive action.
A decision was promised by Aug. 4, but Mr. Trump decamped to his New Jersey golf resort with nary a word about C.S.R.s.
Trump Policies Raising Health Premiums Breakdown of reasons for 2018 rate hike requests.
So it well may be up to Mr. Trump to decide, in effect, the fate of the exchanges, which supply about 12 million Americans with their coverage.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'premiums', 'subsidies', 'premium', 'donald', 'fpl', 'income', 'continue', 'mr', 'driving', 'insurance', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The legislation also does little to stabilize the individual market from now until when the states would have to administer new health programs in 2020.
Many of the states that make out better financially could have obtained more Obamacare funding if they had chosen to expand their Medicaid programs to cover more low-income residents.
The program currently pays for 49 percent of all births and 64 percent of all nursing home residents’ bills.
The Graham-Cassidy bill moves funding for the Medicaid expansion population into the state block grant.
Most Americans receive insurance through their employers, and they, too, would probably see changes under this bill.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'states', 'health', 'residents', 'covered', 'plan', 'repeal', 'latest', 'funding', 'medicaid', 'work', 'program', 'insurance', 'obamacare', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Notably, last summer Trump claimed that Russian President Vladimir Putin had used a racial slur to refer to Barack Obama, but just seconds later Trump was hoping that Putin would like him.
… He has a total lack of respect for President Obama.
(Also, I thought Trump said he never met Putin.
But another explanation is that Trump simply lacks the capacity for complex thought.
Trump is a cold shadow of the president Obama was.
Keywords:  ['putin', 'trump', 'simply', 'worst', 'president', 'enemy', 'obama', 'respect', 'trumps', 'sign', 'shocked', 'thought']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Never mind that House Republicans had voted dozens of times — back when Barack Obama was president and the action was meaningless — to end Obamacare.
Covers — nobody’s had more covers.”Advertisement Continue reading the main storyScherer responded that, to the best of his knowledge, “Richard Nixon still has you beat.
That’s all that matters, and if Nixon is the yardstick, that’s fine, so long as Trump measures bigger.
And that clinches it: If ever we name a poet laureate of the sandbox, the title will be Trump’s.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'trainwreck', 'trump', 'reading', 'president', 'main', 'trumps', 'thats', 'republicans', 'ryan', 'house', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  An evolving picture of John Kelly.
• Today, the U.S. government is set to release the final batch of secret documents concerning the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
With 250 million units sold, it’s one of the most successful franchises in video game history, behind only famous names like Mario and Pokémon.
(In 2009, Guinness World Records labeled Grand Theft Auto the most controversial video game series ever, citing more than 4,000 news articles.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story_____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated all morning.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'series', 'houston', 'reading', 'life', 'kelly', 'president', 'domino', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'continue', 'fats', 'game', 'video', 'john', 'astros']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And the biggest conservative pressure groups off Capitol Hill — Heritage Action, Club for Growth and Freedom Partners — dropped their opposition to the measure, known as the American Health Care Act.
“I think a better approach is to stabilize the insurance pool,” said Senator Bill Cassidy, Republican of Louisiana.
Democrats assailed the latest proposal, saying it did nothing to help those who would be left without coverage under the repeal bill.
Democrats denounced one part of the new proposal that, they said, would protect health insurance for members of Congress.
House Republicans had successfully sued the Obama administration to stop the payments, arguing that the administration was illegally spending money that Congress had not explicitly appropriated.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'health', 'repeal', 'coverage', 'backs', 'caucus', 'members', 'care', 'hardline', 'house', 'senate', 'republicans', 'insurance', 'revised', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  VideoThe health law encourages primary care doctors to incorporate addiction treatment into their practices.
In West Virginia, Ms. Rosenberg of the National Council for Behavioral Health said, her group’s member organizations — nonprofit providers of mental health and addiction treatment — are now treating 30,000 people a year, up from 9,000 before the health law.
Republicans here have also criticized state health officials for not tracking how many Medicaid enrollees who receive addiction treatment end up relapsing.
The new model is in use here at the Manchester Community Health Center, where Mr. Diaz receives treatment.
“We would not be able to keep all four sites open,” said Kris McCracken, president and chief executive of the health center.
Keywords:  ['addiction', 'treatment', 'health', 'law', 'care', 'lose', 'opioid', 'medicaid', 'mr', 'center', 'services', 'grew']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Trump was in Pennsylvania, by the way, to promote his tax plan.
And Pence really wanted to see that game!
For instance, we’re going to be spending the next 10 weeks listening to Trump talk about bringing back Christmas.
Trump is deliberately undermining a program that many working and middle-class Americans rely on to pay for their insurance coverage.
So let’s just mention that at the signing ceremony held to celebrate one of the new health-care-wrecking changes, Trump forgot to sign.
Keywords:  ['pence', 'trump', 'christmas', 'tricks', 'president', 'insurance', 'stupid', 'going', 'sign', 'national', 'really', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  A lot of heroin trafficking happens a kilo or two at a time.
It probably won’t stop trafficking in fentanyl, either, the synthetic opioid vastly more potent than heroin.
I might even agree if I thought a wall could stop the flow of the most easily trafficked drug.
What a wall could stop, however, is the one thing that would curtail the flow of heroin in the global age: a deep, sustained, frank relationship, and cooperation, between the two countries.
But President Trump’s proposed wall has provoked the exact opposite result: It has unified Mexico’s political classes, while providing the country one more distraction from the crucial changes needed.
Keywords:  ['stop', 'walls', 'wall', 'heroin', 'wont', 'trumps', 'sign', 'trafficked', 'trafficking', 'mexico', 'told', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
The president has spent weeks impugning Bob Corker, the Tennessee Republican who heads the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, for pointing out that Mr. Trump is “debasing” the nation.
But they have largely remained on the sidelines as Mr. Trump and his allies have attacked those few Republicans who have dared to call for civility and compromise.
As for Democrats, there should be no sense of satisfaction in what is happening to the Republican Party.
In fact, we should take this moment to look at ourselves in the mirror and ask: How much do our own party’s internal battles resemble the fight happening within the Republican Party?
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'democrats', 'foreign', 'exit', 'president', 'chris', 'party', 'coons', 'flake', 'sign', 'senate', 'mr', 'republicans', 'flakes', 'scare', 'jeff']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyThe sunken vessel — the 45-year-old Agia Zoni II — was carrying more than 2,500 metric tons of oil.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
[The New York Times]• Several national antidoping organizations have demanded that Russia be banned from the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• He’s a flamboyant ex-athlete with a taste for self-promotion and 32 visits to North Korea under his belt.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['bitcoin', 'morning', 'reading', 'north', 'week', 'times', 'malaysia', 'briefing', 'korea', 'main', 'sign', 'sent', 'continue', 'night', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Nafta eliminated most tariffs and other trade barriers among Canada, Mexico and the United States, creating a continent-size market.
Mexico’s economy, which is hugely dependent on American trade, would be devastated.
Mr. Trump has pointed to America’s trade deficit with Mexico as a sign that the United States is being swindled.
While the trade deficit with Mexico has resulted in job losses in some industries (possibly about 700,000 jobs in the first 16 years), a 2014 study estimates that 1.9 million American jobs depend on exports to Mexico.
And trade, by raising wages and the standard of living in Mexico, is a big reason that illegal immigration from Mexico has dropped steadily over the years.
Keywords:  ['tantrum', 'goods', 'donald', 'trumps', 'sign', 'york', 'trade', 'united', 'mexico', 'jobs', 'states', 'canada', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['north', '2017', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'korea', 'visit', 'decoding', 'performers', 'great', 'standoff', 'dmz']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyDavid White, a spokesman for President Trump’s transition team and speaking on behalf of Mr. Viola, said: “Mr.
PhotoThe man who may soon be Mr. Viola’s boss, Mr. Trump, is facing criticism of his own for how he has handled his business interests.
But Mr. Viola, along with Mr. Trump’s other picks for top government jobs, is not exempt.
Though the nomination of Mr. Viola, who graduated from West Point, requires confirmation by the Senate, his new job is not a cabinet position.
As secretary of the Army, Mr. Viola would be the senior civilian official overseeing his agency’s budget and personnel.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'viola', 'potential', 'pick', 'conflict', 'federal', 'army', 'assets', 'violas', 'president', 'company', 'trumps', 'according', 'swift', 'trade', 'mr', 'secretary']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  To the Editor:Re “Trump Needs a Brain” (column, April 2):Ross Douthat writes of “Trumpism” as if it were an obvious political policy that we recognize as soon as we hear the word, when in reality it is no more than pre-election rhetoric puffed up with a generous supply of Mr. Trump’s campaign trail hot air (“We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare, which is a disaster”; “I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay”; “I know more about ISIS than the generals,” and so on).
“Trumpism” is far from a political philosophy, and no think tank of smart people (“brains”) could possibly morph it into substantive policy.
JAY KIRSCHENBAUM, NEW YORK
Keywords:  ['trump', 'trumpism', 'wall', 'trail', 'trumps', 'york', 'word', 'political', 'great', 'writes']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
Keywords:  ['week', 'times', 'today', 'white', 'sign', 'republicans', 'twitter', 'sarah', 'newsletter', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “It was extremely disturbing to me,” Ms. Hamnett said of the order she received to reverse the proposed pesticide ban.
The conversations were polite, and Dr. Beck listened to counterarguments that Ms. Hamnett and her team made, Ms. Hamnett said.
would consider any possible use of a chemical when determining how to regulate it; Dr. Beck, like the chemical industry, wanted the E.P.A.
will defer to the chemical industry as it begins to evaluate toxic chemicals under the standards created by the new law.
After years of successfully fending off Dr. Beck and her industry allies, the balance of power at the agency had shifted toward the industry.
Keywords:  ['toxic', 'ms', 'shots', 'shifted', 'helps', 'epa', 'hamnett', 'insider', 'mr', 'chemical', 'chemicals', 'industry', 'dr', 'beck', 'agency']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Perkins Coie was paid $12.4 million to represent the Clinton campaign and the D.N.C.
The role of the Clinton campaign and the national party in funding the research for the dossier was first reported on Tuesday by The Washington Post.
Mr. Steele produced a series of memos that alleged a broad conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russian government to influence the 2016 election on behalf of Mr. Trump.
The memos also contained unsubstantiated accounts of encounters between Mr. Trump and Russian prostitutes, and real estate deals that were intended as bribes.
The law firm’s payments to Fusion GPS for the Russia research ended just before Election Day, the spokesperson said.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'pay', 'clinton', 'russia', 'campaign', 'democratic', 'fusion', 'helped', 'perkins', 'steele', 'party', 'gps', 'coie', 'mr', 'dossier']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoOVER the last seven years, the Republican Party has engaged in increasingly elaborate political suicide attempts.
And then, after all its prior efforts at seppuku failed, the party nominated Donald Trump for the presidency.
Perhaps House Republicans will be saved by masterly policy-making in the Senate (don’t laugh).
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAlternatively, maybe the Senate will simply wrangle and argue and finally do nothing, and like the Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade bill of 2009 the American Health Care Act will simply evaporate.
In which case House Republicans will be able to say, hey, we tried to fix Obamacare, its ongoing problems are the Democrats’ fault, and have you checked out the unemployment rate?
Keywords:  ['bill', 'money', 'health', 'cliff', 'simply', 'substantially', 'house', 'republicans', 'senate', 'obamacare', 'care', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAra Parseghian coached the Notre Dame football team out of the wilderness and back to greatness in the 1960s and ’70s.
Al Jazeera (“the Peninsula” in Arabic) refers to the Arabian Peninsula, comprising seven nations.
Al Jazeera America, unveiled in 2013, shuttered operations in 2016.
After those four nations blocked access to Al Jazeera websites in June, the network responded with an open letter.
may silence their own media,” it reads, “but because Al Jazeera is watched by so many people in the Arab world, they want us gone.”Sara Aridi contributed reporting.
Keywords:  ['stephen', 'al', 'reading', 'president', 'briefing', 'main', 'day', 'sign', 'continue', 'network', 'editing', 'genome', 'amazon', 'miller', 'jazeera']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Because of this, the United States is experiencing the lowest rate of unintended pregnancy in 30 years, the lowest rate of pregnancy among teenagers ever and the lowest rate of abortion since Roe v. Wade was decided.
I’ve seen firsthand how increased access to birth control makes a significant difference in the lives of my patients every day.
Fortunately, Planned Parenthood was able to help her get the basic health care she needed.
I remember how grateful she was, and I think of her every time I read about employers refusing to cover birth control.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyLet’s be clear: This change on birth control coverage is not about religious freedom.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'fundamental', 'takes', 'health', 'coverage', 'birth', 'women', 'rate', 'sign', 'away', 'lowest', 'control', 'care', 'able']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  There are a lot of Americans who are being left out of America, economically, socially, culturally.
There’s a feeling that the people in Washington don’t listen and they don’t care.
There were two groups of people who were passionate about their candidate in this past election: Trump supporters and [Senator Bernie] Sanders supporters.
Many of the Trump supporters were focused on the undeserving people at the bottom, but they’re different sides of the same coin.
And I don’t think the American people, the middle class, are meanspirited about it.
Keywords:  ['undeserving', 'trump', 'gone', 'kennedy', 'middle', 'youre', 'louisiana', 'america', 'dont', 'senator', 'look', 'todays', 'john', 'think', 'supporters']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “I didn’t have the luxury that some of my friends did with small eaters,” she recalled of her children.
I’m sorry, but I must insist that you buy a simple slow cooker, which can be used for oatmeal in the morning, pork butt at night and Indian food whenever, all year round.
That’s how I do my coconut-milk take on butter chicken.
I make it on the stove top, or in the slow cooker.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyAlso, protein can simply be one ingredient, not the central one; think potpie.
Keywords:  ['protein', 'ms', 'summer', 'slow', 'crowd', 'crazy', 'feed', 'simply', 'children', 'cooker', 'chicken', 'going', 'butter', 'need', 'shopping']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Across the country, the health care industry has become a ceaseless job producer — for doctors, nurses, paramedics, medical technicians, administrators and health care aides.
“I’m optimistic about the economy, but I’m not optimistic about this health care reform,” Marjorie Swanson said.
That extended health care access to people in the hills and surrounding counties who had never been insured, and shrank charity-case costs.
She fears that if Republicans unwind the health care law, the tough times will return.
The endless fighting over the health care law has left some of the Swansons so frustrated that they wonder if starting from scratch is the only way to move forward.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'ms', 'baxter', 'big', 'health', 'law', 'job', 'country', 'deep', 'stake', 'medicaid', 'mr', 'hospital', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Before President Trump’s new guidance, the law required nearly all employers to offer workers health insurance plans that include contraception without cost.
In a statement on the bill, Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, said that “birth control is about being healthy and financially secure.”Indeed, while access to contraception is clearly about women’s health, it also profoundly affects the economy.
The easier it is for women to obtain birth control, the more able they are to gain education and employment.
The Affordable Care Act’s requirement that health insurance offer birth control without cost-sharing has resulted in an estimated 57.6 million American women getting contraception without a co-payment.
Before the A.C.A., 85 percent of health insurance plans at large companies offered contraceptive coverage, but most required at least a co-payment.
Keywords:  ['cant', 'copayment', 'contraception', 'trump', 'health', 'grow', 'birth', 'month', 'women', 'insurance', 'workers', 'control', 'economy']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mrs. Trump and Ms. DeVos visited a sixth-grade classroom where students focused on a lesson geared toward emotional learning.
“Don’t try to copy somebody,” Mrs. Trump said to a group of students in a somewhat stilted side conversation.
“They really have to extend far beyond a one-time appearance at a school,” Ms. Talmus said in an interview.
“By our own example, we must teach children to be good stewards of the world they will inherit,” Mrs. Trump said.
Next week, though, Mrs. Trump will accompany Mr. Trump on a trip to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam, the Philippines and Hawaii.
Keywords:  ['urges', 'trump', 'ms', 'lady', 'michigan', 'middle', 'choose', 'white', 'melania', 'continue', 'mrs', 'bullying', 'prevention', 'schoolers', 'school', 'students', 'kindness']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  WASHINGTON — President Trump got an early start on his first day back from his Asia trip, criticizing his longtime foe CNN before 6 a.m.Mr. Trump said on Wednesday that he had been “forced” to watch CNN while in the Philippines and was reminded “how bad, and FAKE, it is.
Loser!”During Mr. Trump’s 12-day trip to Asia, it was disclosed that CNN is a central component of a dispute between the administration and AT&T, which is seeking approval to buy Time Warner.
Accounts of the negotiations vary; in one, the Justice Department urged AT&T to sell Turner Broadcasting, the parent company of cable channels including CNN, or to sell DirecTV, the satellite television provider.
During the 2016 campaign, Mr. Trump said his administration would not let such a deal go through.
Shortly before criticizing CNN on Wednesday, Mr. Trump promoted an upcoming report about his Asia trip on Fox News Channel, a network much more to his liking.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'sell', 'president', 'justice', 'foe', 'favorite', 'asia', 'department', 'trip', 'mr', 'cnn', 'criticizing', 'returns', 'attacks']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
[The New York Times]• Negotiations over Britain’s departure from the European Union have hit an “impasse,” said Michel Barnier, the E.U.’s representative.
[The New York Times]• America’s opioid epidemic isn’t limited to rural and suburban areas — it’s ravaging New York City, and the Bronx in particular.
[The New York Times]• Parts of Western Europe can expect fierce rains and winds next week, as Hurricane Ophelia moves toward the Azores, Ireland and Scotland.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['world', 'weinstein', 'reading', 'times', 'harvey', 'briefing', 'american', 'main', 'unesco', 'day', 'sign', 'soccer', 'continue', 'york', 'hamas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “I can’t really tell you what people are going to do,” Ross said when asked if players would continue to protest.
Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement gathered outside the hotel where the owners were meeting.
Goodell said late Tuesday that the owners had not asked the players for a pledge to stop protesting during the anthem.
He said the league and players would most likely meet again in the next two weeks.
Kaepernick, who led the 49ers to the Super Bowl in 2013, has remained unsigned since leaving the team in March.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'meeting', 'anthem', 'criticizes', 'nfl', 'league', 'players', 'penalizing', 'continue', 'york', 'kaepernick', 'owners', 'team', 'kneeling']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  On Saturday evening, six days after “The Terms of My Surrender,” Mr. Moore’s solo show decrying President Trump, closed on Broadway, the president took a gleeful jab at the liberal provocateur on Twitter.
Mr. Trump’s assertion that the show “was forced to close” is incorrect.
The show had been announced in May as a 12-week limited run, and it ran the full 12 weeks.
“Michael Moore’s Broadway show was always meant to be a limited engagement,” said Rick Miramontez, a spokesman for the show.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyOf course, there are other ways to measure success, and earlier in the week Mr. Moore had issued a statement saying he was proud of the run.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'run', 'quarrel', 'terms', 'moore', 'surrender', 'broadway', 'donald', 'trumps', 'mr', 'michael', 'total', 'limited', 'took']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But Corker said JCT is not expected to release a full macroeconomic analysis of the tax bill ahead of a Senate vote, making a safeguard provision necessary.
Asked if he could vote no on the tax bill at the committee hearing, he replied: "Very possible.
The Senate bill would slash the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent after a one-year delay.
The Senate bill would deliver these, although its impact on individual Americans and families would be more mixed.
But in a positive sign for Trump's agenda, Republican Senator Rand Paul said on Monday he would support the bill.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'republican', 'potential', 'vote', 'faces', 'deficit', 'opposition', 'trumps', 'sign', 'senator', 'senate', 'republicans', 'votes']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  “If the president was serious about protecting the Dreamers, his staff has not made a good-faith effort to do so,” they added.
But a White House official said on Sunday that Mr. Trump was not open to a deal that would eventually allow the Dreamers to become United States citizens.
Immigration advocates will most likely urge Democratic leaders to refuse a deal that includes the president’s proposals.
Privately, many advocates have acknowledged that a negotiated deal with the Republican president is likely to include some immigration changes.
The president’s demands include new rules that say children are not considered “unaccompanied” at the border if they have a parent or guardian in the United States.
Keywords:  ['officials', 'immigration', 'dreamers', 'border', 'children', 'president', 'makes', 'white', 'quickly', 'hardline', 'house', 'deal', 'demands', 'presidents', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  One thing is clear, though — the Affordable Care Act has shifted the nation’s baseline expectations for how health care should work.
For lots of people, “Obamacare” has become synonymous with the health care system itself, with its many miracles and dysfunctions.
Providing health coverage to the uninsured was Obamacare’s principal goal, and on that measure, it has succeeded.
President Barack Obama has described the health law’s markets as being like a Kayak or an Amazon for health insurance.
Many Obamacare health plans, trying to keep prices competitive, have sharply limited the number of doctors or hospitals they will cover.
Keywords:  ['incompletes', 'failures', 'successes', 'law', 'grading', 'health', 'plan', 'plans', 'coverage', 'laws', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Health reform is hard; but why were the Dems able to pass the ACA in the first place?
But one way to say this is that Obamacare was and is a truly populist law, while Trumpcare is anti-populist.
The answer, presumably, is that what we call populism is really in large degree white identity politics, which can’t be addressed by promising universal benefits.
For sure many if not most of those who gained health coverage thanks to Obamacare have no idea that’s what happened.
In America, however, Trumpism is faux populism that appeals to white identity but actually serves plutocrats.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'health', 'populism', 'politics', 'white', 'trumpcare', 'thats', 'voters', 'lot', 'populist', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Their approach to Democrats and Republicans alike is “We want you to be our hero.”Create a Tea PartyA Tea Party that’s truthful, nonracist, respectful and nonviolent, that is.
The Tea Party also ran get-out-the-vote operations, and recruited and trained candidates for local offices — all crucial today.
“Not a lot of people were represented by the Tea Party,” Jackson said.
He was popular and had a large majority in Congress,” Jackson said.
This could make the Tea Party look small.”
Keywords:  ['jackson', 'trump', 'tea', 'movement', 'campaign', 'local', 'members', 'lessons', 'party', 'work', 'works', 'past', 'congress', 'protests']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The cuts come at a time of turmoil in insurance markets, when more consumers than ever may need help navigating the health care system.
In Iowa, the largest navigator group, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland, has ended its counseling program after being told that its grant would be cut by 85 percent, to $45,000, from $304,400.
“There will be huge changes in the health insurance landscape next year.
In South Carolina, federal funds for the largest navigator group, the Palmetto Project, have been cut 54 percent, to $501,000, from $1.1 million.
In Utah, the grant for the largest navigator group, the Utah Health Policy Project, was cut 61 percent, to $289,600, from $740,100.
Keywords:  ['efforts', 'cut', 'largest', 'law', 'health', 'cuts', 'federal', 'insurance', 'enrollment', 'trumps', 'navigator', 'receive', 'utah', 'group', 'hard', 'hitting']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “We want Putin’s help on North Korea,” Mr. Trump said.
“We will seek new opportunities for cooperation and commerce, and we will partner with friends and allies to pursue a free and open Indo-Pacific region,” Mr. Trump said.
The outing was reciprocation for rounds that Mr. Trump hosted in Jupiter, Fla. and nearby West Palm Beach in February for Mr. Abe and Ernie Els, once the world’s top golfer.
“It is grueling, they tell me, but fortunately, historically that has not been a problem for me,” Mr. Trump said.
In contrast, Mr. Abe and Mr. Xi are newly empowered, with their countries handing them sweeping mandates.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'abe', 'north', 'opens', 'tough', 'reporters', 'president', 'united', 'region', 'asia', 'campaignstyle', 'trip', 'mr', 'japan', 'talking', 'rally']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Today, there are nine million American civilians living abroad — up from four million in 1999.
... Americans who work abroad do quite well; American pilots for Chinese airlines, for example, make $300,000 a year.
But it’s not just jobs requiring a college degree that Americans should consider doing overseas.
But American jobs are disappearing not because they’re moving to Mexico or China; it’s because they are increasingly being done by robots.
Students: Read the entire essay, then tell us:— What is your reaction to the suggestion that young Americans consider living abroad for work?
Keywords:  ['young', 'job', 'consider', 'country', 'moving', 'working', 'living', 'american', 'abroad', 'overseas', 'work', 'mexico', 'jobs', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Chamberlin, now 44, hired Mr. Santana in late 2011 at St. Francis, which he had just opened in the Uptown neighborhood, home to some of the city’s most innovative restaurants.
But as time went by, Mr. Santana felt badly about lying, and told Mr. Chamberlin that he was not who he claimed to be.
Mr. Chamberlin learned that he had done the type of jobs that Mexican immigrants often do: building homes, installing roof shingles, cleaning pools and landscaping yards.
As a teenager, Mr. Santana had sold plastic bottles and aluminum cans he plucked from Dumpsters so he didn’t have to ask his parents for money.
When the Obama administration started the DACA program in June 2012, he pushed Mr. Santana to fill out his application.
Keywords:  ['suddenly', 'immigrant', 'reading', 'restaurant', 'santana', 'taco', 'unsettled', 'dream', 'main', 'chamberlin', 'chef', 'reach', 'mr', 'mexico', 'program', 'youre']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Amazon introduced an array of new Echo devices that are smaller and cheaper.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWe also looked into “Frida Sofia,” the 12-year-old quake survivor who never was.
The reason: Teacher’s Day, honoring those who impart knowledge, on what is believed to be the 2,567th birthday of the Chinese sage Confucius.
Many countries have their Teacher’s Day next Thursday, thanks to a global effort started in 1994 by Unesco.
_____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated all morning.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'morning', 'catalonia', 'reading', 'week', 'hugh', 'plan', 'briefing', 'main', 'day', 'virgin', 'continue', 'video', 'hefner', 'teachers']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoPaul Manafort, who led President Donald Trump’s campaign during several months in 2016, and Rick Gates, who was also a campaign official, surrendered to federal authorities after being named in an indictment obtained by Robert Mueller III, who was appointed as special counsel in May to investigate connections between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.
Keywords:  ['surrendered', 'special', 'trump', 'message', 'russia', 'robert', 'campaign', 'mueller', 'photopaul', 'president', 'trumps', 'russian', 'rick']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
[The New York Times]• An earthquake struck the Iran-Iraq border region, killing more than 200 people and injuring hundreds more.
[The New York Times]• Spain’s prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, visited Catalonia a day after an enormous pro-independence march.
[The New York Times]• France will commemorate the anniversary of the series of terrorist attacks that struck Paris two years ago.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'world', 'reading', 'times', 'worlds', 'including', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'day', 'continue', 'remembrance', 'tunnel', 'talks', 'climate', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com.
If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there.
On your Android phone or tablet:You can listen and subscribe using the free app RadioPublic, which is available worldwide.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to play the latest episode and learn more about the app.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'repeal', 'player', 'youre', 'listen', 'daily', 'episode', 'subscribe', 'play', 'bid', 'phone', 'obamacare', 'flash', 'tap']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  One of them, now being tried in Kentucky, is jail not as a cost but as an investment in recovery.
“They go to treatment because they feel the heat.”Jail may in fact be the best place to initiate addict recovery.
It’s in jail where addicts first come face-to-face with the criminal-justice system, long before they commit crimes that warrant a prison sentence.
In fact, some have gone back to using after leaving 104, as addicts have upon leaving private treatment centers.
But what Kentucky jails are doing seems like a smarter use of public money than the counterproductive way so many jails across the country function today.
Keywords:  ['help', 'recovery', 'treatment', 'jail', 'inmates', 'addict', 'need', 'jails', '104', 'mr', 'addicts', 'kentucky', 'work', 'answer']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The additional immigration officers are so “we can eliminate MS-13 and root out the criminal cartels from our country,” Mr. Trump said.
Violations of those rules are treated extremely seriously.”At another point, Mr. Trump painted a cinematic portrait of freeing a shackled United States.
“One by one, we’re liberating our American towns,” Mr. Trump said of the work to remove undocumented immigrants.
Like you’d see in a movie,” Mr. Trump continued.
I never thought I’d be standing up here talking about liberating towns on Long Island where I grew up.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'later', 'island', 'liberating', 'president', 'going', 'vows', 'violence', 'long', 'know', 'mr', 'towns', 'youre', 'head', 'end', 'gang']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He embodies the best of the United States only to become the very worst of it.
The grandeur of Mr. Anderson’s vision is matched by the precision of his technique.
Yet much as Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola did in their greatest movies, Mr. Anderson took all that he’d learned from Hollywood to create work of radical, intensely personal vision.
It’s a creation story about love and labor – Plainview’s and Mr. Anderson’s – one tragic, the other glorious.
Not that Plainview is in any literal way Mr. Anderson’s alter ego: he’s a creature of his own time, a self-made man from the American heartland.
Keywords:  ['movies', 'far', 'plainview', 'andersons', 'blood', '21st', '25', 'watch', 'best', 'mr', 'faith', 'film', 'way', 'century', 'films', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Members of the coalition plan to urge Mr. Trump and Mr.
PhotoThe group said that modern strategies had been “pioneered” at the local level and should be used across the country.
Among those strategies was a bipartisan push for a criminal justice overhaul under Mr. Obama that Mr. Sessions’s approach is at odds with.
Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, has pressed to revisit the issue, but it is unclear how much traction he has gained.
Mr. Holden said that officials at the Justice Department should look at what has taken place in certain states.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'issue', 'urge', 'sessions', 'plans', 'justice', 'wrote', 'strategies', 'trumps', 'continue', 'bipartisan', 'department', 'mr', 'policing', 'group', 'adjust', 'policies', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Here’s a snapshot of global markets.
[The New York Times]• A majority of Australians voted “yes” to same-sex marriage in a nationwide poll, paving the way for its legalization in Parliament.
[The New York Times]• A gunman rampaged through a small Northern California town, taking aim at people at an elementary school and six other locations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyNoteworthyPhoto• “Utopia,” Björk’s new album, is a love letter to optimism.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'world', 'macron', 'sessions', 'reading', 'times', 'president', 'briefing', 'main', 'zimbabwe', 'continue', 'emmanuel', 'way', 'jeff', 'waste', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoRE: FACEBOOKFarhad Manjoo wrote about whether one of the most powerful tools for connection in human history is capable of adapting to the world it created.
Farhad Manjoo does an excellent job of explicating the ethical, practical and political quandaries faced by Facebook in its News Feed.
People want fat-laden sugary and salty snacks; they need nutritious food.
Users want ready confirmation of their own conclusions and reassurance that their judgments and opinions are sound; what they need is factual information, incisive reporting and well-reasoned analyses.
Larry Constantine, BostonPhotoFarhad Manjoo fails to address that the ideal solution to Facebook’s News Feed problem rests squarely upon our own collective shoulders.
Keywords:  ['world', 'issue', '43017', 'facebooks', 'feed', 'wrote', 'manjoo', 'need', 'wants', 'users', 'wellreasoned', 'human']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  After Mr. Trump rejected the Paris climate agreement, a dozen governors announced a state-level coalition to carry out the pact in a partial form, with Gov.
Mr. Hutchinson, who did not join the climate alliance, said Mr. Trump’s posture on trade had worried traditional United States partners.
Republican governors, mostly supportive of Mr. Trump, also acknowledge that they are working around the president’s nationalistic stance.
Yet even ostensibly standard trade missions have taken on a weightier character in a moment of such widespread uncertainty about Mr. Trump’s policies.
Mr. Ricketts acknowledged that Mr. Trump’s suspicion of international arrangements was a new kind of challenge for his state, Nebraska.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'missions', 'economic', 'embark', 'governors', 'going', 'trumps', 'climate', 'mr', 'trade', 'united', 'states', 'canada', 'diplomatic']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Coast Guard was conscripted as the agency empowered to seek out suspected smugglers and bring them to American courts.
In the 12 months that ended in September 2017, the Coast Guard captured more than 700 suspects and chained them aboard American ships.
Their protracted detention is justified by Coast Guard officials and federal prosecutors alike, who argue that suspects like Arcentales are not formally under arrest when the Coast Guard detains them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyFor several hours, the Coast Guard officers searched the Yeny Arg.
By midafternoon, Arcentales, Quijije and the two Guatamalans were moved to the Coast Guard speedboat, and were delivered to the Coast Guard ship.
Keywords:  ['detainees', 'officials', 'coast', 'federal', 'guards', 'guard', 'floating', 'guantánamos', 'men', 'maritime', 'arcentales', 'united', 'told']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  You can receive What We’re reading by email, and let us know how you like it at wwr@nytimes.com.
Volunteers at the Boston Medical Center literally love newborns through withdrawal symptoms, soothing their raw nerves with calming voices and gentle touch.
The center has dropped its medication treatment rates by about 40 percent, and efforts like these are spreading across the country.
The Colored American Opera Company was formed in 1873 at a church in Washington D.C., and it performed for racially mixed audiences, drawing enthusiastic reviews and raising money for the church.
— Gina LambAdvertisement Continue reading the main story_____PhotoFor the RideFrom Oxford American: Michelle Garcia, whose family roots in Texas go as far back as those of blue blood New England Puritans, ruminates on belonging, death and immigration as seen through the prism of a lost Mexican boy hitching on a highway.
Keywords:  ['center', 'reading', 'youll', 'opera', 'wwrnytimescom_____photowhat', 'church', 'writing', 'york', 'lost', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Jonathan Sacks, the former chief rabbi of Britain, described that creed well in a speech to the American Enterprise Institute.
The traits Trump embodies are narcissism, not humility; combativeness, not love; the sanctification of the rich and blindness toward the poor.
As other relationships wither, many Americans are making partisanship the basis of their identity — their main political, ethnic and moral attachment.
The Republican senators greeted Trump on Capitol Hill and saw a president so repetitive and rambling, some thought he might be suffering from early Alzheimer’s.
This is like 1917, a clash of political, moral, economic and social ideologies all rolled into one.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'won', 'week', 'losing', 'today', 'main', 'sign', 'sacks', 'moral', 'political', 'biblical', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Advertisement Continue reading the main storyStudents will receive a list of what amounts to a set of Ten Commandments.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox.
View all New York Times newsletters.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWhat would you like to see here?
Keywords:  ['nxivm', 'trump', 'catalonia', 'reading', 'music', 'times', 'plaza', 'president', 'today', 'briefing', 'donald', 'main', 'sign', 'continue', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But here’s one bright spot in the Divided States of Trump: In a strange way, he has also brought many of us together.
Trump brings out the worst in his supporters, dragging them down to his adult day care center.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
But as bad as things are, a majority of Americans, an increasingly bipartisan pool, are appalled at the monstrosity of Trump’s presidency.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'view', 'democrats', 'holiday', 'bridging', 'canyon', 'times', 'worst', 'w', 'trumps', 'table', 'party', 'sign', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  For the Trump administration, the economic benefits of gas export infrastructure are paramount.
The recent expansion of the Panama Canal has quickened the route to growing markets in Japan, South Korea and elsewhere in Asia, making American gas more competitive.
To some extent, even American coal companies could benefit from more gas exports, because exporting natural gas tends to support its price.
Germany has largely given up on nuclear power, and it needs natural gas to replace some of the lost power.
“The Trump administration has discovered the power of natural gas,” Mr. Souki added.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'glut', 'gas', 'natural', 'exports', 'push', 'construction', 'faces', 'administration', 'market', 'energy', 'administrations', 'export', 'united', 'billion', 'lng', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  That scenario is an apt description of the challenges President Trump’s “travel ban” has sustained and continues to face.
It is also a fitting characterization of lawsuits filed back in 2010, challenging the substantive centerpiece of President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act know as the individual mandate.
From National Review to The Wall Street Journal, these critics are voicing the idea that if President Trump loses any of his legal battles, it will be because progressive judges are out to get him.
To the critics, these judges aren’t real judges; they’re partisan hacks in robes.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'judges', 'travel', 'dangerous', 'president', 'courts', 'public', 'sign', 'judicial', 'critics', 'resistance', 'presidents', 'legal', 'myth']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In 2014, for example, during his re-election campaign, Mr. Cuomo was widely criticized as a lackluster backer of his party’s state-level candidates as Republicans won a clean majority in the Senate.
But that loss has also opened the door for talk of a possible presidential run for Mr. Cuomo, talk that the governor dismisses, although his actions seem geared to inspire it.
In the last week alone, Mr. Cuomo has taken unilateral action on issues of domestic and international import, including the threat of an Obamacare repeal and the nation’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
“But Andrew Cuomo sees a perfect opportunity to campaign for Democratic House candidates — baggage in tow.”The committee added: “First Clinton, now Cuomo?
Keywords:  ['assails', 'ms', 'committee', 'congressional', 'campaign', 'democratic', 'republicans', 'district', 'mr', 'cuomo', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The prejudice that Native American people face is an unfortunate historical legacy," Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye said in a statement.
Announcing his longshot campaign for president in 2015, Trump said many Mexican immigrants are rapists.
The president has long feuded with Warren, an outspoken Wall Street critic who leveled blistering attacks on Trump during the campaign.
Trump seized on questions about Warren's heritage, which surfaced during her 2012 Senate race challenging incumbent Republican Sen. Scott Brown.
Warren said she listed herself with Native American heritage because she hoped to meet people with similar roots.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'revives', 'warren', 'honoring', 'racial', 'law', 'president', 'heritage', 'pocahontas', 'trumps', 'sen', 'native', 'jab', 'navajos', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoThis article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter.
As people began to digest the Republican health care plan on Tuesday, a few things became clear:1.
Many Republicans have long viewed Medicaid — a health insurance program for the poor, the disabled and some elderly — with skepticism.
Peter Suderman of Reason had an excellent frame for understanding the right’s civil war over health care: Conservatives don’t even agree on what their goals are.
Making health care less expensive?
Keywords:  ['war', 'gop', 'behold', 'health', 'plan', 'times', 'today', 'newsletter', 'sign', 'receive', 'republicans', 'civil', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “Our work on infrastructure is continuing to move as planned,” Ms. Strom wrote in an email this past week.
But contrary to what he told The Wall Street Journal this year, the committee won’t have the authority to approve or reject projects, according to an administration official.
Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s budget director, has told associates he opposes any significant expansion of funding in the plan, according to people close to him.
During a White House “infrastructure week” in June that was overshadowed by the testimony of James B. Comey, the former F.B.I.
But Mr. Trump needed something substantive to prove he was making progress, according to White House aides.
Keywords:  ['federal', 'plan', 'president', 'infrastructure', 'white', 'trumps', 'according', 'house', 'mr', 'national', 'proposal', 'program', 'great', 'stalled', 'projects']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  [New York Times]• Items unearthed in Fort Edward, N.Y., help paint a portrait of soldiers in the French and Indian War.
[New York Times]• The state comptroller’s office denied a request for information by The Times after a State Police lawyer argued that revealing details threatened troopers.
[New York Times]• The city will not designate the Kaskel & Kaskel Building at 316 Fifth Avenue a landmark because it has had too many changes over the years.
[New York Times]• And in “About New York,” the columnist Jim Dwyer tells us about the Obama-era restrictions on public buildings in flood zones that President Trump undid this week.
[New York Times]• Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “Calling in the Central Park Navy”• For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Morning Briefing.
Keywords:  ['reading', 'queens', 'times', 'today', 'main', 'brooklyn', 'park', 'free', 'york', 'day', 'waters', 'whales']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But Mr. Trump used the friendly Ohio setting to issue a warning to balky Republican senators.
“Where the hell did he come from?” Mr. Trump asked.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“Boy, he’s a young one,” Mr. Trump said.
“Sometimes they say, ‘He doesn’t act presidential,’” Mr. Trump said as the crowd laughed.
And I said, with the exception of the late, great Abraham Lincoln, I can be more presidential than any president that’s ever held this office.
Keywords:  ['welcome', 'trump', 'later', 'republican', 'presidential', 'ohio', 'say', 'president', 'capital', 'sign', 'thats', 'escape', 'mr', 'love']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  At Encores!, the director Anne Kauffman’s carnivalesque cast includes Alex Brightman, Shuler Hensley, Ethan Lipton, Erin Markey and Steven Pasquale.
212-581-1212, nycitycenter.orgEAST TO EDINBURGH at 59E59 Theaters (performances start on July 11).
Each year 59E59 Theaters opens its Upper East Side doors to companies preparing shows for the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
212-967-7555, publictheater.orgLINCOLN CENTER FESTIVAL (performances start on July 10).
lincolncenter.org/lc-festivalAdvertisement Continue reading the main story‘A MIDSUMMER NIGHT’S DREAM’ at the Delacorte Theater (previews start on July 11; opens on July 31).
Keywords:  ['summer', 'opens', 'start', 'shows', 'nyc', 'theaters', 'whats', 'performances', 'festival', 'includes', 'theater', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Because Democrats are expected to vote as a bloc against the House bill, Republicans cannot afford many defections when the bill is expected to come to a vote next week.
Any of the changes that senators are seeking would almost certainly alienate conservative House Republicans who already believe the bill is too generous.
The House bill would allow insurers to expand that to 5-to-1.
The changes sought by Senate Republicans could upend White House efforts to shore up support from Mr. Ryan’s conservative flank.
Mr. Trump, though, has remained leery of Mr. Ryan since the campaign, when the speaker publicly voiced skepticism about Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'gop', 'suggest', 'senators', 'health', 'insurance', 'older', 'changes', 'house', 'republicans', 'ryan', 'mr', 'senate', 'offered', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The pact also explicitly affirms the Paris climate accord, which Mr. Trump recently shunned.
In this spirit, he pulled the United States out of a sprawling trans-Pacific trade agreement forged by President Barack Obama.
He has begun renegotiating the terms of the North American Free Trade Agreement linking the United States, Canada and Mexico.
In taking this approach, the United States risks having less of a voice in the global trade discussion as other economies take their own paths.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership — the giant trade deal that Mr. Trump renounced — would have forced Japan to open its market to agricultural imports, probably increasing sales of American goods in Japan.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'europe', 'voice', 'ties', 'strengthen', 'losing', 'united', 'risks', 'trade', 'japan', 'eu', 'global', 'deal', 'european', 'mr', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Another celebrity yard war involved Julie Newmar, who, The Los Angeles Times reported in 2004, had once egged the house of Jim Belushi.
One neighbor told the local paper that the wall was “oppressive.” Others made unfair comparisons with the president’s proposed wall for Mexico.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBut on Thursday, the assailant, a retired anesthesiologist, pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor assault charges and otherwise remained, well, mum.
Jim Skaggs, the developer who sold both men their homes, agreed and noted that the senator dislikes the community’s property rules.
Keywords:  ['view', 'war', 'assault', 'rage', 'rand', 'wall', 'watch', 'property', 'neighbors', 'yard', 'youre', 'paul', 'zuckerberg', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The attendees have plenty to talk about, with oil prices now about $48 a barrel for Brent crude.
Ecuador, an OPEC member though a small producer, said this month that it would not meet the terms of the agreement and would raise output because it needed the revenue.
The biggest issue is that rising production from Libya and Nigeria, both OPEC members that are exempt from the agreement, is offsetting much of the impact of the cuts.
That is because Britain is not allowed to conclude deals on its own before it leaves the European Union.
The July meeting is largely a place holder, but the Fed will update its economic outlook on Wednesday.
Keywords:  ['fed', 'output', 'week', 'production', 'united', 'opec', 'report', 'sales', 'batch', 'discuss', 'european', 'union', 'earnings', 'trade']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  PhotoSay this for Donald Trump: When it comes to sex, he’s less of a hypocrite than Harvey Weinstein.
Until Weinstein’s abrupt downfall amid proliferating accusations of sexual assault and harassment, he posed as a backer of women’s rights.
His first wife, Ivana Trump, accused him of raping her in a fit of rage.
Donald Trump Jr. — a man who once said that women who can’t handle workplace sexual harassment “should go maybe teach kindergarten” — has been tweeting about Weinstein incessantly.
On Fox News, a network that Roger Ailes ran like his personal sadomasochistic brothel, Tucker Carlson feigned outrage at the Weinstein news.
Keywords:  ['sexual', 'trump', 'weinstein', 'harassment', 'womens', 'outrage', 'save', 'women', 'sign', 'republicans', 'weinsteins', 'accused', 'phony', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Naturally, the Senate bill also bars federal funding for Planned Parenthood clinics.
Ted Cruz was invited.
Ted Cruz who is still in his first term, who all the other Republicans loathe.
Ted Cruz who, when the bill was finally made public, instantly announced it wasn’t conservative enough.
So that’s Ted Cruz.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'health', 'frat', 'senators', 'boys', 'planned', 'cruz', 'women', 'sign', 'senate', 'taking', 'ted']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Even some conservatives — Christopher H. Smith of New Jersey, for example, and Daniel Webster of Florida — expressed concerns about the number of Medicaid recipients who could suffer.
And many Republican governors and members of Congress remain determined to curb Medicaid spending, including by methods proposed in the bill.
In 2015, the nation spent more than $532 billion on Medicaid, of which about 63 percent was federal money and the rest from the states.
The program not only pays for 16 percent of all personal health care spending nationwide, but also accounts for 9 percent of federal domestic spending.
But in Kaiser’s polling since 2005, the percentage of people who support cutting Medicaid spending has never exceeded 13 percent.
Keywords:  ['share', 'bills', 'spending', 'health', 'comes', '2005', 'federal', 'total', '2015', 'medicaid', 'age', 'defeat', 'program', 'population', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump is not only among the most limited of this bunch.
Mr. Trump ought to know all this.
Mr. Trump won the election in a crusade against globalization.
The Spanish language is the perfect place to start.
Thanks to Mr. Trump, the Spanish language in the United States has suddenly become a tool of defiance.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'wall', 'times', 'obama', 'sign', 'en', 'mr', 'united', 'language', 'spanish', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Nicholas Kristof Newsletter Receive emails about each column and other occasional commentary.
I’ve seen too many women dying or suffering in filth on stained cots in remote villages because of childbirth.
Maybe “war on women” sounds hyperbolic, but not if gasping, dying women are seared in your memory.
In fact, you are increasing the number of abortions and of dying women.
And to those women and men who marched last weekend, remember that this isn’t about symbols, speeches or pussy hats.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'war', 'version', 'reading', 'begins', 'president', 'women', 'main', 'trumps', 'sign', 'policy', 'abortions', 'woman', 'dying']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  A public defender countered that Mr. Zarate had found the weapon only moments before the killing and accidentally fired a bullet that ricocheted off the pavement before striking Ms. Steinle.
[The New York Times]• Larry Ellison, the billionaire founder of Oracle, is buying an old Lake Tahoe resort once owned by Frank Sinatra.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a third-generation Californian — born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
Keywords:  ['san', 'kate', 'california', 'opens', 'times', 'today', 'angeles', 'degrees', 'steinle', 'mr', 'killing', 'los', 'york', 'trial', 'zarate']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  LIFETIME RATINGS Sen. Ted Cruz 100.0 Mike Pence VICE PRESIDENT 99.0 Sen. Rand Paul 97.6 Rep. Mick Mulvaney 97.4 O.M.B.
Sen. Jeff Sessions 94.2 ATTORNEY GENERAL Rep. Steve King 93.4 Sen. Mitch McConnell 89.5 Rep. Paul Ryan 89.3 Rep. Darrell Issa 88.7 Sen. Orrin Hatch 88.6 Sen. Dan Coats 88.0 NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE Sen. Lindsey Graham 85.9 Rep. John Boehner 83.4 Sen. John McCain 81.7 Rep. Ryan Zinke 71.0 INTERIOR TRUMP V.P.
LIFETIME RATINGS Sen. Ted Cruz 100.0 Mike Pence 99.0 VICE PRESIDENT Sen. Rand Paul 97.6 Rep. Mick Mulvaney 97.4 O.M.B.
I’ll be curious to see how Mr. Mulvaney meshes with his new colleagues.
But those who know Mr. Mulvaney say that his absolutism will make it difficult for him to make the compromises that are inevitably necessary in the policy-making process.
Keywords:  ['strings', 'mulvaney', 'extremist', 'federal', 'purse', 'rep', 'president', 'paul', 'holding', 'sen', 'mr', 'ryan', 'john', 'spending']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  LEWISTON, Maine — President Trump’s name did not come up once as Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, met with patients, physicians, and the people running Central Maine Medical Center in Lewiston.
Stretch Tuemmler, a man with cancer struggling to pay for health insurance, made it clear to Senator Collins that Mr. Trump’s latest lie or outrage wasn’t what troubled him most.
“I’m scared,” he said.
“I’m scared for myself, I’m scared for my country, for the 24 million people who could lose health coverage and for people who aren’t covered at all.
But Senator Collins was not greeted with the rage that some Republican representatives have faced down, or run from.
Keywords:  ['republican', 'collins', 'quiet', 'im', 'health', 'desperation', 'scared', 'trumps', 'senator', 'maine', 'voters', 'thats', 'senate', 'listens']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  His best solution to the scourge of mass killings, as he told heartbroken families in Texas, is more prayer.
Not even six weeks ago, Pence had a similar answer to the massacre of 58 people in Las Vegas.
Oh, and since Pence expressed resolve to end evil after Las Vegas, more than 900 Americans have lost their lives to guns.
Here’s what the administration is actually doing: In one of his first acts as president, Trump signed a bill making it easier for the mentally ill to buy guns.
As vice president, he has refined the role.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'vice', 'president', 'resolve', 'united', 'sign', 'york', 'pence', 'vacuity', 'told', 'evil', 'vegas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump also said that Mr. Corker had “begged” for his endorsement (“I said ‘NO’ and he dropped out,” the president reported via Twitter).
Mr. Corker has flatly denied this account, saying Mr. Trump had encouraged him to run and pledged his full support.
The evening before he said he would not seek re-election, Mr. Corker held a fund-raiser near the Capitol.
Days later, Mr. Corker’s other dilemma — how aggressively to lace into Mr. Trump — came into clearer view.
While Mr. Trump has accused Mr. Corker of helping to enact President Barack Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, Mr. Corker opposed the agreement repeatedly.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'reading', 'unanimous', 'president', 'vs', 'corker', 'bob', 'main', 'corkers', 'thats', 'continue', 'mr', 'senate', 'verdict']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  By contrast, they averaged 66,000 a day in the first week of open enrollment in November 2014 and 77,600 a day in the first week of enrollment in November 2015.
The Obama administration reported data every other week last fall, and the first report showed that sign-ups averaged 84,000 a day.
“There’s a strong need among families in Utah for health insurance,” Mr. Slonaker said.
As a result, many consumers can buy similar health plans or more generous plans for about the same price as last year.
The sign-up period for the federal exchange ends Dec. 15 and is about half as long as the open enrollment season in each of the past three years.
Keywords:  ['pay', 'week', 'health', 'pace', 'blows', 'plans', 'coverage', 'affordable', 'enrollment', 'signups', 'act', 'day', 'sign', 'prior', 'open', 'insurance', 'care', 'past']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['puerto', 'trump', 'hit', '2017', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'great', 'performers', 'really', 'rico']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com.
If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
From your mobile device:You can listen and subscribe to “The Daily” from any podcast player.
If you’re reading this from an iPhone or other Apple mobile device, tap this link to listen in Apple Podcasts.
If you’re on an Android device, tap this link to listen in Stitcher or this link to listen in RadioPublic.
Keywords:  ['digital', 'court', 'link', 'times', 'player', 'briefing', 'listen', 'daily', 'episode', 'supreme', 'youre', 'tackles', 'privacy', 'flash', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  “It’s been very epic,” Mr. Trump said.
Through it all, Mr. Trump appeared to be making an effort to be a good sport.
“Really hard,” Mr. Trump told journalists along for the ride.
As she gazed out pensively in the waning afternoon light, photographers snapped pictures of Mrs. Trump, a former fashion model, that looked worthy of a magazine spread.
“This is beautiful,” Mrs. Trump said according to an aide who was with her.
Keywords:  ['days', 'trump', 'world', 'north', 'leaders', 'epic', 'president', 'asia', 'mrs', 'offensive', 'mr', 'trip', 'charm']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Re “Trump Concedes Health Overhaul Is a Thorny Task” (front page, Feb. 28):On Monday, President Trump said: “I have to tell you, it’s an unbelievably complex subject.
Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated.”Actually, everyone except Mr. Trump knew that.
Of course, knowing nothing did not keep Mr. Trump from making the repeal of Obamacare a central issue of his campaign or from blithely assuring his supporters that he would magically make the health care system better and cheaper.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
“Nobody knew that environmental programs improve Americans’ health!”“Nobody knew that Islam is a religion, not an enemy army.”
Keywords:  ['trump', 'reading', 'health', 'president', 'main', 'sign', 'mr', 'complicated', 'knew', 'really', 'care', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Supporters of the Affordable Care Act panned the Cassidy-Collins proposal.
Under the Cassidy-Collins bill, states could enroll people who would otherwise be uninsured in health plans providing basic coverage.
If a state opts out of the Affordable Care Act, many of the federal insurance standards established under the law would no longer apply.
2 Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, were sponsors of a similar bill that Mr. Cassidy introduced in 2015.
Republicans in Congress can repeal the Affordable Care Act, with support from Mr. Trump.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'health', 'senators', 'coverage', 'affordable', 'cassidy', 'option', 'act', 'giving', 'mr', 'senate', 'propose', 'care', 'states']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  As someone with an academic turn of mind, I’m thankful to have built a career in a society that valued intellectual pursuits.
And as someone who specialized in a social science that’s supposed to be relevant to policy, I’m thankful for the years during which it seemed as if logic and evidence actually mattered, at least a bit, to people in power.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
I’ve had much to be thankful for — but every one of those good things is now very much under assault.
In other words, America has given me a lot to be thankful for.
Keywords:  ['world', 'im', 'fearful', 'feeling', 'sign', 'dont', 'policy', 'thankful', 'turn', 'way', 'congress', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  View all New York Times newsletters.
Over the years, compassionate conservatism has had its moments, including being espoused by Jack Kemp and President George W. Bush.
Compassionate conservatism is dead; Trump and his band of backward-thinking devotees killed it.
The Trump phenomenon is devoid of compassion, and we must be closed to compromise.
Fight, fight, fight.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'conservatism', 'times', 'reagan', 'compassionate', 'welfare', 'sign', 'death', 'fight', 'compassion', 'xenophobia', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But their governing struggles — and attacks on congressional leaders by Mr. Trump — have soured their base, leaving the Senate majority feeling desperate.
One party official noted that Senate Republicans had a lucrative March, raising $7 million — an off-year record for the organization.
Mr. McConnell faces other immediate challenges as well.
Strange would further rattle his colleagues and be seen as a major rebuke to Mr. McConnell and the Republican establishment in Washington for their failure to deliver on health care repeal and other issues.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyWith health care repeal teetering yet again, the one thing they know for sure is that they need to show some accomplishments, and they need to do so fast.
Keywords:  ['majority', 'gop', 'health', 'donors', 'vote', 'repeal', 'care', 'party', 'need', 'republicans', 'mr', 'senate', 'mcconnell', 'furious', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  I believe that many of us have areas in our lives where our opinions are fungible.
It was only through my experience in this job that my own opinions became so clear to me.
Doing the job honed me, revealed me, exposed me.
I believe that something similar, but on a much grander and much more consequential scale, happens with presidents.
But his racial hostility and white supremacy seem to have blossomed with his entry into politics and his Russia-aided election.
Keywords:  ['week', 'life', 'growing', 'young', 'job', 'white', 'opinions', 'revealed', 'inner', 'writing', 'zealot', 'racism', 'believe']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The melody for “Yankee Doodle” had been around for a couple of hundred years, but a tailored-for-the-moment rendition quickly became the most popular tune in the Redcoat repertoire.
A “doodle” was a rube or a fool, and the doodle in this song rides a pony, instead of a horse, which makes him ridiculous.
And the more the Americans won, the more they embraced “Yankee Doodle” as their own.
“ ‘Yankee Doodle’ is now their paean, a favorite of favorites, played in their army, esteemed as warlike as the ‘Grenadiers’ march — it is the lover’s spell, the nurse’s lullaby,” he wrote.
So by singing “Yankee Doodle” you’re not just celebrating the country’s birth.
Keywords:  ['reappropriation', 'war', 'reading', 'doodle', 'diss', 'known', 'main', 'favorite', 'song', 'sign', 'yankee', 'americans']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Representative Steve Cohen, Democrat of Tennessee, plans to introduce his own impeachment articles in the coming weeks.
And other Democrats in the House, where impeachment proceedings must begin, say they will not be far behind.
The resolutions have no real chance of advancing in the House — a fact that has not been lost on Democrats.
Mr. Sherman, who represents part of San Fernando Valley, in California, first drafted his impeachment article in June, after Mr. Trump fired James B. Comey as F.B.I.
He is realistic about his measure’s chances, at least until Mr. Mueller produces evidence or Mr. Trump angers his own party, but said there was too high a risk of damage in the meantime.
Keywords:  ['cant', 'trump', 'impeachment', 'democrats', 'democratic', 'articles', 'president', 'house', 'try', 'willing', 'support', 'mr', 'republicans', 'theyre', 'impeach']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The bill, whatever form it eventually takes, unmistakably will cut off health insurance for millions of people.
Mr. McCain has excellent government health insurance benefits and will of course continue to receive the best medical care available.
To the Editor:President Trump scolded Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, both Republicans, for their votes against the motion to proceed on the health care debate.
They should wear Mr. Trump’s invective as a badge of honor, having placed the best interest of their constituents over that of the Republican Party.
It is hard to imagine that Ms. Collins continues to feel comfortable in a national Republican Party led by President Trump and the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'john', 'health', 'murkowski', 'repeal', 'vote', 'mccain', 'party', 'best', 'washington', 'deprive', 'senate', 'gets', 'votes', 'care', 'proceed']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Many employees, some of whom are immigrants from countries targeted by Mr. Trump’s policies, quit, the staff member said.
Yet for some visitors like Saman Gohari, 32, the association with Mr. Trump was the draw.
“We have the feeling, that when you go somewhere and you say to a taxi driver, and they say, ‘Where are you going?’ and we say, ‘Trump hotel,’ it’s a political statement,” he said.
“They believe that the people who are coming here are supporters of Trump, and the people who are not supporters of Trump are not coming here,” he said.
In fact, he is neither, he said; he has stayed in the hotel for years, well before Mr. Trump’s election, and likes the quality.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'staff', 'say', 'nights', 'soho', 'trumps', 'york', 'member', 'mr', 'hotel', 'checks', 'guests', 'supporters', 'final']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Insurers must start deciding this spring whether they want to sell Obamacare policies next year and how they should price the plans.
If you want to break the Obamacare markets, this is your best bet.
The House has sued to stop the administration’s payments on the grounds that they were illegal because they were never appropriated.
Insurers could respond to this change by simply raising their prices, but some will probably respond by exiting the Obamacare markets altogether.
The Obama administration often looked under budgetary couch cushions to find money to help Obamacare programs thrive.
Keywords:  ['stop', 'advice', 'respond', 'wreck', 'simply', 'insurers', 'tom', 'market', 'markets', 'sign', 'price', 'obamacare', 'insurance', 'fix', 'policies']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It is as damning a document as exists about this man, at least that is publicly available at this point.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
View all New York Times newsletters.
And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.”First, the price tag for the wall has ballooned by billions of dollars.
Trump’s lies, his brand and his presidency are like a house of cards and the truth is a box of matches.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'prophet', 'wall', 'plan', 'repeal', 'times', 'trumps', 'disciples', 'sign', 'mexico', 'price', 'false', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, who devised his state’s health care policy with the help of two other Heritage health care specialists, Bob Moffit and Ed Haislmaier.
Now, with Heritage Action as a 501(c)(4) “social welfare organization,” the foundation at last had its own squad in the fight.
provision requiring companies with 50 or more employees to provide health care to anyone working over 30 hours a week.
Though for 80 percent of health care recipients (including those receiving health care from Medicare, Medicaid or their employers) annual rate increases are at historic lows, for the rest the story has been different.
Taken at face value, Trump did not sound much like a man hellbent on tilting health care policy rightward.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'action', 'health', 'needham', 'care', 'heritage', 'house', 'republicans', 'really', 'knife', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  It is also true that unilateral foreign policy, protectionist moods, and periodic calls for “America First” policies have a long tradition in the United States.
The United States remains indispensableTurning away from the United States would bring insecurity to Germany and ultimately to Europe.
The bond with the United States was born from dependence, but it has long been in Germany’s core national interest.
President Trump is not America, nor is the illiberal movement for which he stands a solely American phenomenon.
Several political trends in the United States will outlive Trump’s time in office — for example, the demand for more balanced burden-sharing between Europe and the United States within NATO.
Keywords:  ['order', 'trump', 'president', 'america', 'policy', 'united', 'germany', 'security', 'european', 'spite', 'states', 'international']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Fallon also said Ms. Brazile vastly overstated her ability to unilaterally change the party nominee.
On Saturday evening, a group of almost 100 Clinton campaign staffers, including Mr. Fallon, echoed his sentiments.
Ms. Brazile’s book, which also disclosed an unusual agreement that gave Mrs. Clinton’s campaign a measure of control over D.N.C.
operations a year before she was nominated, says she was concerned about the faltering Clinton campaign, which, she wrote, had taken on “the odor of failure,” The Post reported.
Ms. Brazile, one of the party’s most prominent African-Americans, is a veteran of many presidential campaigns, serving as chairwoman of Al Gore’s in 2000.
Keywords:  ['ms', 'clinton', 'donna', 'pondered', 'campaign', 'democratic', '2016', 'party', 'biden', 'mrs', 'brazile', 'reportedly', 'post', 'york', 'replacing', 'fallon']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The threat to democracy posed by the current outbreak of populist nationalism has become a matter of concern for both scholars and ordinary citizens.
Margaret Levi, another political scientist at Stanford, wrote me that she wasnot sure Trumpism per se will survive Trump.
He then argues that thebroader constellation of transgressive and antisocial attitudes among a subsection of the public is an important force behind rising disregard for democratic norms.
One reason may be that in recent years U.S. democracy has become appallingly dysfunctional.
We are no wiser than the Europeans who saw democracy yield to fascism, Nazism, or communism.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'destruction', 'economic', 'norms', 'democracy', 'democratic', 'rightwing', 'political', 'recent', 'united', 'seeds', 'populist', 'plant']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Rather than making friends to accomplish these goals, Mr. Trump has alienated some of the very allies a president would normally rely on.
It may still be difficult for Mr. Trump to win as much money for his border wall as he wants, but even partial financing could be portrayed as a victory.
While Republicans feel burned by Mr. Trump’s attacks on Mr. McConnell and some of their colleagues, some said they have little choice but to find a way to come together.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump will host another White House meeting with Mr. McConnell, Mr. Ryan and their Democratic counterparts, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California.
Allies said Mr. Trump’s approach to negotiations, however, is to hold out for the best deal possible until the last moment, so it is too soon to judge.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'challenges', 'tax', 'deals', 'dealmaking', 'faces', 'president', 'trumps', 'senator', 'mr', 'work', 'program', 'returns', 'presidents', 'congress']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Martin Shkreli, the 34-year-old “pharma bro” who was widely condemned as a symbol of drug industry greed, was convicted of fraud.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyHe had become infamous for raising the price of a lifesaving AIDS drug 5,000 percent.
agent once called it the “My Lai massacre of Iraq.”Advertisement Continue reading the main story_____Photo8.
“You know, ranting and retweeting.”Advertisement Continue reading the main storyHave a great weekend.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Keywords:  ['evening', 'trump', 'court', 'tower', 'drug', 'sessions', 'reading', 'view', 'briefing', 'main', 'shkreli', 'continue', 'posted', 'dark', 'jeff', 'martin', 'weekend']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story• Nike knows the difference apparel can make, and it will begin selling a hijab for Muslim athletes in 2018.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“And upon what meat doth Senator McCarthy feed?” Murrow asked.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning.
You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.
Keywords:  ['fc', 'later', 'morning', 'reading', 'russia', 'cia', 'briefing', 'main', 'barcelona', 'day', 'sign', 'continue', 'senator', 'murrow']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Campaigning for midterm elections will also begin in the United States, while Canada will hold provincial elections.
But the Nafta talks illustrate that the Trump administration has found it easier to criticize trade deals than forge politically popular ways to amend them.
The delay in talks into next year will give the United States government time to try to resuscitate the 1994 trade pact.
But it is still unclear how the United States will move forward with provisions that foreign partners and the business community in the United States consider to be non-starters.
Speaking Tuesday morning, Jyrki Katainen, a vice president at the European Commission, said that the United States trade posture had benefited Europe.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'slow', 'talks', 'administration', 'united', 'demise', 'proposals', 'extension', 'trade', 'mexican', 'nafta', 'states', 'painful', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The Washington Post reported on Friday that a probe into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia has identified a senior White House official as a significant person of interest.
The president had asked him in February to end the investigation into Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, the memo said.
It was announced on Friday that Mr. Comey would testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Was it also a retirement party for Alec Baldwin’s impersonation of President Trump, a role that Mr. Baldwin has suggested he did not expect to have for quite so long?
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p.m. Eastern.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'russia', 'say', 'investigation', 'president', 'briefing', 'trumps', 'washington', 'mr', 'writers', 'security', 'comey', 'weekend']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Out in British Columbia, Dan Levin looked into the pay arrangements of Christy Clark, the premier.
Mr. Levin found that unlike many other Canadian provinces, British Columbia has no limits on political donations.
“Much of what is considered business as usual in British Columbia is illegal elsewhere in Canada,” he wrote.
View all New York Times newsletters.
If Parliament approves, that system will soon be expanded and American agents will be allowed to carry guns in Canada.
Keywords:  ['captain', 'canadian', 'canada', 'british', 'young', 'columbia', 'watches', 'times', 'week', 'today', 'donations', 'toronto', 'mr', 'political', 'films', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Basing Life on What You Can AffordEvery one of us makes money trade-offs nearly every day, whether we realize it or not.
It made her feel insecure, she said, and she became the life of the party, the class clown.
I don’t feel so guilty about that anymore, but I used to.”Jarrett Hill is a freelance journalist in Los Angeles.
He may spend the rest of his life working, but at least he will have tried to set up his son and daughters for a life easier than his.
In 1992, they decided to buy life insurance so they could pay off the house if one of them died.
Keywords:  ['money', 'family', 'credit', 'mother', 'afford', 'life', 'financial', 'feel', 'basing', 'dont', 'work', 'school']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['elections', 'invade', '2017', 'bots', 'chose', 'magazinethe', 'russian', 'performers', 'great']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Trump promised to deal with such issues in some cases within his first days in office but has found that Washington resists quick action.
The difference is that Mr. Trump often gives the impression with his public comments that he has gone further than he actually has.
Photo“It’s classic Trump: bluff and bombast substituting for actual deeds,” said Jacob Heilbrunn, editor of The National Interest, a foreign policy magazine.
Democrats said Mr. Trump’s actions were meant to sabotage the health care program and undermine the Iran deal even without full repeal.
The Iran deal and Nafta are bellwether cases.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'comes', 'health', 'promise', 'president', 'actually', 'trumps', 'deal', 'mr', 'iran', 'easy', 'program', 'moon', 'congress', 'reckoning']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The unpredictable weather patterns stimulated by climate change affect infectious diseases, as well as chronic ones.
But in the United States, the most alarming disease linked to mosquitoes is Zika, which can cause devastating birth defects.
But more than 220 people have caught Zika from local mosquitoes carrying the virus.
“Climate change is a threat multiplier,” Katharine Hayhoe, one of those researchers and a director of Texas Tech’s Climate Science Center, told me.
“If there’s one overarching theme that connects almost every way that climate change impacts us, it’s that climate change takes a risk that already exists and enhances it.
Keywords:  ['virus', 'worse', 'states', 'menace', 'mosquitoes', 'fever', 'united', 'mosquito', 'texas', 'zika', 'climate', 'change']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  There are two border towns in every border town.
PhotoThen there is the other border town, where I was raised back in the 1970s.
It’s like a tide meeting a shore, a pattern repeated naturally, with a telescoping logic: There’s the border in the border town, then the border town in Texas, then Texas in the United States, then the United States in the world.
Now invert it: There’s the world, there’s America, there’s Texas, there’s the border town and finally, within the town, there’s still another world, waiting to get in.
What frustrates me most about this border town is how passively it awaits its sentence from the bolillos from afar.
Keywords:  ['town', 'world', 'theres', 'wall', 'reading', 'border', 'scared', 'main', 'waiting', 'work', 'texas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Moreover, the wall won’t stop a majority of unlawful immigrants, who now enter the United States on visas that they overstay.
Illegal immigrants pay billions of dollars in taxes, purchase goods and services, and enhance American productivity in sectors such as agriculture.
One of President Trump’s major claims is that a wall would keep out illegal immigrants who commit violent crimes.
A court challenge to President Trump’s wall-building plans would need a plaintiff who meets the legal standing requirements.
While the legal details are arcane, Justice Scalia’s ghost may also block Mr. Trump’s efforts to eliminate climate regulations and deregulate the financial industry.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'antonin', 'wall', 'cost', 'illegal', 'president', 'donald', 'wont', 'trumps', 'ghost', 'mr', 'block', 'justice', 'scalias', 'immigrants']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoIn comparison with the pace of work on the Affordable Care Act, that is lightning fast.
The full Senate debated the health care bill for 25 straight days before passing it on Dec. 24, 2009.
It’s pretty well understood.”The Republicans’ bill is indeed much shorter than the Affordable Care Act.
For years, Republicans have reminded voters that the Affordable Care Act passed without any Republican votes.
2 Senate Republican.
Keywords:  ['bill', 'republican', 'health', 'repeal', 'affordable', 'act', 'craft', 'know', 'republicans', 'senate', 'months', 'care', 'swifter', 'obamacare', 'took']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Over Memorial Day weekend alone, three people died in separate accidents on the Kern River, The Los Angeles Times reported.
[NPR]Photo• Immigration lawyers gathered again at Los Angeles International Airport in response to President Trump’s partially revived travel ban.
[Los Angeles Times]• In Trump-supporting Modoc County, there is an unlikely push to defend Obamacare.
[Los Angeles Times]• In Marin County, 14 percent of homeless people live on the water — a peek inside their lives.
[The New York Times]• The Triangle Offense, born in the 1940s on the basketball courts of U.S.C., has died.
Keywords:  ['things', 'waves', 'california', 'weekend', 'times', 'today', 'valley', 'angeles', 'county', 'triple', 'heat', 'los', 'water', 'states', 'threat', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In office less than four months, Mr. Trump has already undermined the rule of law in myriad small ways.
He allowed his daughter and son-in-law to work in the White House in arguable violation of an anti-nepotism statute.
Why did President Trump want to get rid of Mr. Comey?
But when it comes to President Trump, they have checked their principles at the Oval Office door.
If this Republican stonewall holds, Mr. Trump may get away with the most egregious abuse of presidential power since Richard Nixon’s Saturday Night Massacre in 1973.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'republican', 'russia', 'investigation', 'president', 'white', 'stand', 'house', 'republicans', 'mr', 'comey']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Mr. Conyers has been the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee — either as chairman or ranking member — for 10 years.
Mr. Conyers has denied all the charges, but under pressure, did relinquish his post.
Ms. Pelosi offered an awkward defense of Mr. Conyers on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday, saying, “Just because someone is accused — and was it one accusation?
That prompted Ms. Pelosi to switch course again.
Representatives Kathleen Rice of New York and Pramila Jayapal of Washington say Mr. Conyers should resign.
Keywords:  ['gender', 'divisions', 'generational', 'conyers', 'ms', 'democrats', 'scandal', 'leadership', 'members', 'party', 'highlights', 'mr', 'member', 'committee', 'pelosi']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  In the post-Cold War era the world was glued together by these big global systems and a U.S. hegemon.
Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.
As the world changes and opens up across boundaries of nation and culture, which values will govern the 21st century?
Today, for the first time in my adult life, it is not clear that the resolution of this question will be benign.
Britain, because of its history, alliances and character, has a unique role to play in ensuring that it is.”So does America.
Keywords:  ['values', 'trump', 'world', 'big', 'mexico', 'blair', 'blairs', 'president', 'today', 'britain', 'america', 'brexit', 'global', 'tony', 'lesson']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  And in the Comey-Trump saga we have another familiar Washington battle: the stainless versus the shameless.
Bret: Tax cuts, of course!
U.S. corporations park an estimated $2.5 trillion abroad to avoid U.S. corporate tax rates.
Given the crowd we’ve got now, any tax bill will be the worst case scenario.
Will we ever be able to get bipartisan support for any tax cut?
Keywords:  ['bill', 'tax', 'corporate', 'point', 'cuts', 'vs', 'stainless', 'republicans', 'think', 'agree', 'cut', 'way', 'shameless']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Or, “James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes’ of our conversations.” Six weeks later, Trump reveals that there are no tapes of the conversation.
Can the president, less than six months into his first term, really hold a 2020 fundraiser in his own Washington hotel?
It provides, at taxpayer expense, an ancillary service to Trump properties.
On one side the Constitution; on the other the rabbit hole that leads to the Trump International Hotel.
And to Trump saying of President Andrew Jackson that “he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'theres', '2020', 'amazing', 'joke', 'sign', 'rule', 'york', 'thing', 'really', 'fact', 'personal']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  But while entrepreneurs and executives in the United States are fretting, other countries — including Mexico, Canada and China — are salivating over the Trump administration’s rumblings.
And unlike the H-1B visa in the United States, there is no limit to the number of Canadian visas available.
The officials herald Mexico’s proximity to Silicon Valley, its alignment with time zones in the United States and its lower cost of living.
Many companies fear that Mr. Trump’s efforts might put highly skilled immigrant workers even further out of their reach.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBusiness interest in Jalisco has soared since Mr. Trump’s election, leaders in the state’s tech sector contend.
Keywords:  ['competitors', 'business', 'foreign', 'angle', 'silicon', 'tech', 'trumps', 'valleys', 'visa', 'mr', 'united', 'program', 'visas', 'states', 'americas']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Given the abundant evidence that the answer to this question may be yes, the legislation proposed to prevent Mr. Trump from launching a first nuclear strike without a congressional declaration of war is a logical step.
But Mr. Trump, who often listens to no one but himself and ignores laws, could try to override Congress and his secretaries.
Advertisement Continue reading the main storyTo the Editor:The Times’s understandable alarms about President Trump and nuclear weapons imply that there is no check on that raw power to order a nuclear strike.
What is not widely known is that the president needs what amounts to the concurrence of his secretary of defense to launch nuclear weapons.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will be in the loop when and if President Trump contemplates ordering the use of nuclear weapons.
Keywords:  ['order', 'trump', 'launch', 'war', 'check', 'nuclear', 'power', 'president', 'start', 'mr', 'defense', 'secretary', 'presidents', 'york']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoTo the Editor:Ralph Nader’s listing of the myriad ways that President Trump and his administration are betraying the people for whom he claimed he would be “your voice” is stating both the obvious and the predictable (“Trump Is Hurting Regular People,” Op-Ed, Oct. 24).
But as far as I am concerned, Mr. Nader, Jill Stein and all the political purists who refused to concede that there was any meaningful difference between the major-party candidates they opposed surrendered their moral authority to bemoan the results of the 2000 and 2016 elections.
While there were certainly multiple causes for the defeats of Al Gore and Hillary Clinton in their presidential campaigns, there is little doubt that the presence of third-party candidates, especially in states where the election was close, could easily have been a critical determinant.
MICHAEL ESTEROWITZ, BROOKLYN
Keywords:  ['surrendered', 'trump', 'stating', 'thirdparty', 'results', 'voice', 'states', 'ways', 'ralph', 'criticism', 'candidates', 'naders', 'stein']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  The proposal in question is the border adjustment tax, which Republicans are mulling as part of a comprehensive corporate tax reform, and which President Trump has embraced as a possible way to pay for a wall on the Mexican border.
The idea behind the tax is pretty simple.
In a market where consumers demand low-priced, high-quality products, it’s nearly impossible to do it any other way; American mills are either outdated or too small, and American production costs are too high.
A border adjustment tax would “adjust” our tax bill by no longer allowing deductions on imports.
Her 20-employee company has $10 million in annual sales; her cost of goods sold is $4 million; and expenses like payroll and rent are $5 million.
Keywords:  ['companies', 'tax', 'border', 'goods', 'sold', 'idea', 'trumps', 'million', 'adjustment', 'unfashionable', 'imports', 'way', 'american']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  PhotoIn some cases, though, their zest for repeal has been tempered by concern or confusion about some specifics of the Republican bill, especially the relaxing of protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
In interviews over the last few days, people who support repealing the Affordable Care Act pointed to their long-simmering resentment of its mandate that most Americans have health insurance or pay a tax penalty.
There is no guarantee, however, that deductibles would be smaller under the Republican plan.
He said he qualified for a subsidy last year under the Affordable Care Act, but owed back all $2,000 of it at tax time.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story“It has to be better than what we’ve got now,” Mr. Johnston said of the Republican plan to replace the law.
Keywords:  ['cant', 'bill', 'republican', 'health', 'wait', 'repeal', 'plan', 'month', 'affordable', 'preexisting', 'mr', 'insurance', 'care', 'obamacare']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  On the other hand, Stephen Moore, the Heritage Foundation economist who helped develop Mr. Trump’s tax plan during the campaign, has been supportive.
Mr. Trump has wavered on the import tax in the face of opposition from American retailers and oil companies, Mr. Moore said, but he expects the president to come around.
Potential losers made their voices heard last week over the border adjustment tax, an arcane but sweeping change.
“Mucho Sad.”The border adjustment tax is likely the first of many battles that Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans will face as they pursue a comprehensive rewrite of the tax code.
The injection of the politically charged border wall into the tax reform discussion has only served to make the debates more rancorous.
Keywords:  ['trump', 'tax', 'howls', 'wall', 'complicate', 'border', 'plans', 'overhaul', 'import', 'trumps', 'mr', 'adjustment', 'republicans', 'imports', 'code']
Prediction:  1


Summary:  For decades, the health care system has been broken into several distinct layers: Medicare, Medicaid and employer-provided coverage.
The third is subsidized implicitly through the tax code, which does not tax health benefits provided by employers as income.
That’s where the third principle comes in: Health coverage is not the same as health care.
The tangle of regulations governing health care can make it difficult for providers to respond to market signals and innovate.
It would also, not incidentally, have the advantage of improving the nation’s health care system.
Keywords:  ['tax', 'scratch', 'health', 'financial', 'coverage', 'system', 'start', 'mean', 'policy', 'republicans', 'insurance', 'care']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Before these rival theories emerged, it was the Great Man view of history that dominated the field.
“The history of the world is nothing but a biography of great men,” wrote Thomas Carlyle.
Or as Ralph Waldo Emerson had it: “It is natural to believe in great men.
The Great Men swaggered onto the stage one after another, each capturing and conquering the Spirit of the Age.
You will notice, of course, that the Great Man theory involved no women.
Keywords:  ['view', 'world', 'man', 'great', 'stage', 'theory', 'kim', 'men', 'names', 'totally', 'history', 'destroyed']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  Cut taxesThe House and Senate have both passed their own plans to cut taxes on individuals and businesses.
The two chambers now have to reconcile the differences in their plans before sending a passed bill to the president to sign.
Keywords:  ['step', 'taxesthe', 'president', 'sending', 'plans', 'tracking', 'agenda', 'reconcile', 'trumps', 'sign', 'senate', 'passed', 'cut', 'taxes']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  This comment received more than 300 reader recommendations.
This comment received more than 130 reader recommendations.
This comment received more than 250 reader recommendations.
This comment received more than 600 reader recommendations and more than 25 reader responses.
The love of a cat differs from the love of a dog, but it is love nevertheless.
Keywords:  ['article', 'world', 'food', 'cat', 'uninsurable', 'health', 'reasons', 'reader', 'dreamed', 'comment', 'reacting', 'love', 'received']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  He also knows that finding and cultivating as many of them as possible is not only in the players’ interests but in U.S. Soccer’s.
He joined Club Tijuana the next year, making mostly domestic cup appearances with the club, and made his Liga MX debut in April 2016.
“These academies cannot afford to buy a van or hire a bus to accommodate so many players spread out over large areas,” he said.
He made a stop at the Xolos training center to say hello to DiMauro and his son, Phil, a trainer and coach who helps run the academy.
“Believe me, there are top-notch players from this area who are just waiting to be discovered,” Moreno said.
Keywords:  ['reaches', 'club', 'nurture', 'academies', 'moreno', 'young', 'border', 'academy', 'players', 'training', 'xolos', 'soccer', 'ramos', 'dimauro', 'tijuana']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  7 MagazineThe 10 Great Performers of 2017 (And Why We Chose Them)
Keywords:  ['2017', 'repeal', 'chose', 'live', 'magazinethe', 'debate', 'performers', 'great', 'obamacare', 'watch']
Prediction:  0


Summary:  President Wins Round in the Battle for the Consumer Bureau Image Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, spoke to reporters on Monday on his first day of work as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
He was appointed to the job by President Trump.
The dispute over who would lead the bureau intensified Sunday night, when Ms. English asked the court to provide an emergency restraining order to block Mr. Trump from appointing Mr. Mulvaney.
Deepak Gupta, a lawyer for Ms. English and a former senior counsel for the consumer bureau, said after the hearing that his legal team would be examining options going forward.
“I apologize for having to send this instruction again,” Mr. Mulvaney wrote to the staff.
Keywords:  ['acting', 'ms', 'trump', 'mulvaney', 'english', 'president', 'consumer', 'bureau', 'wins', 'mr', 'round', 'director', 'battle']
Prediction:  0


Label 0 Keywords Distribution - All

{'100': 1,
 '104': 1,
 '10second': 1,
 '10yearold': 1,
 '12': 1,
 '15': 1,
 '1712th': 1,
 '1960s': 1,
 '1984': 1,
 '1save': 1,
 '20': 1,
 '2005': 1,
 '2009': 1,
 '2015': 1,
 '2016': 2,
 '2016mr': 1,
 '2017': 11,
 '2020': 1,
 '21st': 1,
 '25': 1,
 '250': 1,
 '2500': 1,
 '40': 1,
 '400': 1,
 '401k': 1,
 '43017': 1,
 '45committee': 1,
 '50': 1,
 '600': 1,
 '6000mile': 1,
 '650': 1,
 '70': 1,
 '700': 1,
 '77': 1,
 '8step': 1,
 'abandon': 1,
 'abbas': 1,
 'abe': 3,
 'able': 1,
 'abnormal': 1,
 'abortions': 1,
 'abound': 1,
 'abroad': 1,
 'absolutely': 1,
 'aca': 2,
 'academies': 1,
 'academy': 1,
 'access': 1,
 'accord': 1,
 'according': 2,
 'accounts': 1,
 'accused': 1,
 'achieve': 1,
 'aclu': 1,
 'act': 10,
 'acting': 3,
 'action': 1,
 'active': 1,
 'activist': 1,
 'activists': 1,
 'actress': 1,
 'actually': 3,
 'ad': 3,
 'adcock': 1,
 'adcocks': 1,
 'added': 1,
 'addict': 1,
 'addiction': 2,
 'addicts': 1,
 'addition': 1,
 'adele': 1,
 'adjust': 1,
 'adjustment': 1,
 'administration': 15,
 'administrations': 3,
 'admissions': 1,
 'adopts': 1,
 'ads': 1,
 'advice': 1,
 'adviser': 3,
 'advisers': 1,
 'affects': 1,
 'afford': 1,
 'affordable': 13,
 'afghanistan': 2,
 'africanamerican': 1,
 'agalarov': 1,
 'age': 3,
 'agency': 5,
 'agenda': 3,
 'agent': 1,
 'agents': 3,
 'ago': 1,
 'agonize': 1,
 'agree': 2,
 'agreement': 4,
 'ahead': 2,
 'aid': 1,
 'aides': 3,
 'aids': 1,
 'ailes': 1,
 'aim': 1,
 'airport': 1,
 'akbar': 1,
 'akima': 1,
 'al': 2,
 'alabama': 1,
 'alarmed': 1,
 'alaska': 1,
 'album': 2,
 'alex': 2,
 'alexander': 2,
 'alienates': 1,
 'alive': 1,
 'allahu': 1,
 'allen': 1,
 'allies': 3,
 'alternative': 1,
 'altmajority': 1,
 'amazing': 2,
 'amazon': 1,
 'amendment': 2,
 'america': 13,
 'american': 24,
 'americans': 12,
 'americas': 6,
 'ames': 1,
 'amid': 1,
 'ammunition': 1,
 'anatomy': 1,
 'andersons': 1,
 'andrew': 2,
 'angeles': 3,
 'angers': 1,
 'angle': 1,
 'anniversary': 1,
 'anonymous': 1,
 'answer': 3,
 'answers': 1,
 'anthem': 5,
 'antiisrael': 1,
 'antipoverty': 1,
 'antitrump': 2,
 'antonin': 1,
 'anymore': 1,
 'apartment': 1,
 'apartments': 1,
 'apocalypse': 1,
 'appeal': 1,
 'appeals': 1,
 'applicants': 1,
 'appointed': 1,
 'apprehensions': 1,
 'apprentice': 1,
 'apprentices': 1,
 'apprenticeship': 1,
 'approach': 1,
 'approved': 1,
 'aramco': 1,
 'arcentales': 1,
 'arctic': 1,
 'arguments': 1,
 'arms': 1,
 'army': 1,
 'arnn': 1,
 'arpaio': 1,
 'arrests': 3,
 'arrivals': 1,
 'arroyos': 1,
 'art': 3,
 'article': 4,
 'articles': 1,
 'artist': 1,
 'artists': 1,
 'asia': 6,
 'aside': 1,
 'asked': 2,
 'assad': 1,
 'assails': 1,
 'assassination': 2,
 'assault': 2,
 'assessing': 1,
 'assets': 1,
 'astros': 1,
 'atmosphere': 1,
 'att': 1,
 'attachment': 1,
 'attack': 1,
 'attacks': 5,
 'audience': 2,
 'authoritarian': 1,
 'authority': 1,
 'away': 3,
 'backers': 1,
 'backs': 1,
 'backward': 1,
 'bad': 2,
 'bailout': 1,
 'baker': 2,
 'ball': 2,
 'balloon': 1,
 'ban': 4,
 'bank': 2,
 'banking': 1,
 'banks': 1,
 'bannon': 4,
 'baquet': 1,
 'barak': 1,
 'barcelona': 1,
 'bare': 1,
 'bargaining': 1,
 'base': 2,
 'bashing': 1,
 'basically': 1,
 'basing': 1,
 'battered': 1,
 'battle': 3,
 'baxter': 1,
 'bay': 1,
 'beach': 2,
 'bears': 1,
 'beat': 1,
 'beats': 1,
 'beautiful': 1,
 'beck': 1,
 'begins': 2,
 'behold': 1,
 'beliefs': 1,
 'believe': 3,
 'belt': 1,
 'beneficiaries': 1,
 'benefits': 2,
 'bengals': 1,
 'benghazi': 1,
 'bennett': 1,
 'bergdahl': 1,
 'best': 4,
 'better': 5,
 'beyoncé': 2,
 'bias': 2,
 'biblical': 1,
 'bickers': 1,
 'bid': 2,
 'biden': 1,
 'big': 6,
 'bill': 54,
 'billion': 12,
 'billionaire': 1,
 'billions': 1,
 'bills': 5,
 'bipartisan': 2,
 'birth': 4,
 'bishop': 1,
 'bitcoin': 1,
 'black': 1,
 'blair': 1,
 'blairs': 1,
 'blame': 1,
 'blast': 1,
 'blasts': 1,
 'blimp': 2,
 'blimps': 2,
 'blinks': 1,
 'blizzard': 1,
 'block': 3,
 'blood': 1,
 'blows': 2,
 'bluster': 1,
 'board': 1,
 'boat': 1,
 'bob': 2,
 'bokova': 1,
 'bomb': 2,
 'bonn': 1,
 'book': 3,
 'books': 1,
 'boom': 1,
 'border': 16,
 'borderlands': 1,
 'bosses': 1,
 'bots': 1,
 'bought': 1,
 'bowe': 1,
 'bowl': 2,
 'boy': 1,
 'boys': 1,
 'bracing': 1,
 'brady': 1,
 'brain': 1,
 'brat': 1,
 'bray': 1,
 'brazile': 1,
 'break': 2,
 'breaks': 1,
 'breast': 1,
 'breitbart': 1,
 'brexit': 2,
 'bridging': 1,
 'briefing': 37,
 'bring': 2,
 'brings': 1,
 'briskman': 1,
 'britain': 2,
 'british': 1,
 'broadway': 1,
 'broke': 1,
 'broken': 1,
 'brooklyn': 1,
 'brooklynborn': 1,
 'brothers': 1,
 'brought': 2,
 'brown': 1,
 'browser': 2,
 'brussels': 1,
 'budget': 7,
 'build': 2,
 'building': 3,
 'buildings': 1,
 'built': 2,
 'bullying': 1,
 'bureau': 4,
 'burger': 1,
 'bus': 1,
 'bush': 1,
 'bushs': 1,
 'business': 6,
 'butter': 1,
 'button': 1,
 'buy': 4,
 'buying': 1,
 'cabrera': 1,
 'california': 8,
 'californias': 1,
 'called': 1,
 'calling': 1,
 'calls': 1,
 'calorie': 1,
 'calories': 1,
 'came': 2,
 'cameos': 1,
 'camera': 1,
 'campaign': 20,
 'campaigning': 1,
 'campaignstyle': 1,
 'campus': 1,
 'canada': 4,
 'canadian': 1,
 'cancels': 1,
 'cancer': 2,
 'cancers': 1,
 'candidates': 3,
 'cant': 6,
 'canterbury': 1,
 'canyon': 2,
 'capital': 1,
 'captain': 1,
 'captured': 1,
 'cards': 1,
 'care': 94,
 'career': 1,
 'cares': 1,
 'carman': 1,
 'carnage': 1,
 'carolina': 1,
 'carried': 1,
 'cars': 1,
 'carter': 1,
 'case': 3,
 'casey': 1,
 'cassidy': 1,
 'castro': 1,
 'cat': 1,
 'catalonia': 6,
 'catastrophic': 1,
 'caucus': 3,
 'caught': 1,
 'cbo': 3,
 'cbp': 1,
 'celebrates': 1,
 'celebrity': 1,
 'center': 3,
 'central': 1,
 'centrifuges': 1,
 'century': 2,
 'chairman': 2,
 'challenge': 1,
 'challenges': 3,
 'chamberlin': 1,
 'chances': 1,
 'change': 4,
 'changes': 2,
 'changing': 1,
 'chaos': 2,
 'charade': 1,
 'charged': 1,
 'chargers': 1,
 'charges': 1,
 'charm': 1,
 'check': 2,
 'checks': 1,
 'chef': 1,
 'chemical': 1,
 'chemicals': 1,
 'chicago': 3,
 'chicken': 1,
 'chief': 1,
 'chiefs': 1,
 'children': 3,
 'china': 10,
 'chinas': 2,
 'chinese': 3,
 'chip': 1,
 'choice': 3,
 'choose': 1,
 'chose': 9,
 'chris': 1,
 'christian': 1,
 'christmas': 2,
 'church': 1,
 'cia': 3,
 'cincinnati': 1,
 'circuit': 1,
 'circuits': 1,
 'citing': 1,
 'citizens': 2,
 'city': 5,
 'civics': 1,
 'civil': 3,
 'claims': 4,
 'clash': 1,
 'class': 1,
 'clause': 1,
 'clean': 2,
 'clear': 2,
 'cleared': 1,
 'clients': 2,
 'cliff': 1,
 'climate': 9,
 'clinton': 7,
 'clintons': 1,
 'close': 1,
 'closes': 1,
 'clothes': 1,
 'club': 3,
 'clues': 1,
 'cnn': 4,
 'coast': 3,
 'cochineal': 1,
 'cochran': 1,
 'coco': 1,
 'code': 2,
 'coffinshaped': 1,
 'coffman': 1,
 'cohen': 1,
 'cohn': 1,
 'coie': 1,
 'colbert': 1,
 'colin': 1,
 'collapse': 2,
 'collective': 1,
 'college': 6,
 'colleges': 1,
 'collins': 4,
 'collusion': 1,
 'colorado': 1,
 'colorful': 1,
 'colors': 1,
 'columbia': 1,
 'column': 1,
 'columnist': 1,
 'come': 2,
 'comes': 2,
 'comey': 3,
 'commandos': 1,
 'comment': 1,
 'commerce': 1,
 'commercial': 1,
 'commercials': 2,
 'committee': 8,
 'committees': 1,
 'communist': 1,
 'community': 2,
 'companies': 7,
 'company': 5,
 'comparative': 1,
 'compassion': 1,
 'compassionate': 1,
 'compete': 1,
 'competition': 1,
 'competitors': 1,
 'complicated': 2,
 'conan': 1,
 'concrete': 1,
 'condors': 1,
 'confer': 1,
 'conference': 2,
 'confess': 1,
 'confession': 1,
 'confirmation': 2,
 'confirmed': 2,
 'conflict': 1,
 'confront': 1,
 'confusion': 1,
 'congress': 17,
 'congressional': 2,
 'congresss': 1,
 'connecting': 1,
 'conscientiousness': 1,
 'conscious': 2,
 'consensus': 1,
 'conservatism': 1,
 'conservative': 9,
 'conservatives': 3,
 'consider': 2,
 'considers': 1,
 'constituents': 1,
 'construction': 1,
 'consultants': 1,
 'consumer': 5,
 'consumers': 3,
 'content': 2,
 'continue': 49,
 'contraception': 2,
 'contractors': 1,
 'contributions': 1,
 'control': 6,
 'controls': 1,
 'controversies': 1,
 'conversations': 1,
 'convictions': 1,
 'conyers': 1,
 'cooker': 1,
 'cooking': 1,
 'coons': 1,
 'cooperation': 2,
 'coopt': 1,
 'copayment': 1,
 'cordray': 1,
 'corker': 4,
 'corkers': 2,
 'corner': 1,
 'corporate': 1,
 'cost': 4,
 'costa': 1,
 'costs': 3,
 'costsharing': 2,
 'cottrell': 1,
 'counsel': 1,
 'counters': 1,
 'counties': 1,
 'countries': 3,
 'country': 9,
 'county': 3,
 'course': 1,
 'court': 7,
 'courthouse': 1,
 'courthouses': 1,
 'courts': 2,
 'cover': 3,
 'coverage': 26,
 'covered': 1,
 'covering': 1,
 'cowbell': 1,
 'cowboy': 1,
 'cowboys': 1,
 'cpac': 1,
 'crackup': 2,
 'craft': 1,
 'crazy': 2,
 'credit': 2,
 'credits': 2,
 'crises': 1,
 'crisis': 3,
 'critic': 1,
 'critical': 1,
 'criticism': 1,
 'criticisms': 1,
 'criticizes': 2,
 'criticizing': 1,
 'critics': 1,
 'croplife': 1,
 'crosby': 1,
 'crossed': 1,
 'crossings': 1,
 'crowd': 2,
 'crowds': 1,
 'crucial': 1,
 'cruelty': 2,
 'cruz': 1,
 'cub': 1,
 'cubs': 2,
 'culturally': 1,
 'cuomo': 1,
 'cup': 1,
 'current': 2,
 'currently': 1,
 'custom': 1,
 'customers': 3,
 'cut': 5,
 'cute': 1,
 'cuts': 12,
 'cyclist': 1,
 'czar': 1,
 'cárdenas': 1,
 'daca': 1,
 'daily': 8,
 'dallas': 1,
 'damac': 1,
 'damage': 1,
 'dangerous': 1,
 'dark': 3,
 'darkly': 1,
 'day': 11,
 'daylight': 1,
 'days': 2,
 'dead': 1,
 'deal': 21,
 'dealbook': 2,
 'dealing': 1,
 'dealmaking': 1,
 'deals': 3,
 'death': 6,
 'deaths': 1,
 'debacle': 1,
 'debate': 5,
 'debt': 1,
 'dec': 1,
 'decision': 2,
 'declares': 1,
 'declined': 1,
 'decoding': 2,
 'deduction': 1,
 'deductions': 1,
 'deep': 1,
 'deeply': 1,
 'defeat': 2,
 'defends': 2,
 'defense': 3,
 'defiant': 1,
 'deficit': 2,
 'degree': 1,
 'degrees': 2,
 'delay': 1,
 'delays': 1,
 'delgadillo': 1,
 'demand': 1,
 'demands': 1,
 'demise': 1,
 'democracy': 3,
 'democratic': 13,
 'democrats': 30,
 'den': 1,
 'denny': 1,
 'denounced': 1,
 'department': 6,
 'deprive': 1,
 'desert': 1,
 'deserve': 1,
 'deserves': 1,
 'desperate': 1,
 'desperation': 1,
 'despite': 1,
 'destroyed': 1,
 'destruction': 1,
 'detained': 1,
 'detainees': 1,
 'detention': 1,
 'devos': 1,
 'diagnosed': 1,
 'diagnoses': 1,
 'dials': 1,
 'didnt': 1,
 'die': 2,
 'dies': 1,
 'different': 1,
 'differs': 1,
 'digital': 1,
 'dilemma': 2,
 'dimauro': 1,
 'diplomacy': 2,
 'diplomatic': 2,
 'diplomats': 2,
 'director': 3,
 'dirigible': 1,
 'dirt': 1,
 'dirty': 1,
 'disaster': 1,
 'disciples': 1,
 'discuss': 1,
 'discussion': 1,
 'dispute': 1,
 'disruption': 1,
 'diss': 1,
 'district': 2,
 'divide': 1,
 'divisions': 2,
 'dixon': 1,
 'dmz': 1,
 'doctors': 4,
 'doctrine': 1,
 'document': 1,
 'documents': 5,
 'does': 2,
 'doesnt': 1,
 'dog': 1,
 'dollar': 1,
 'dolphins': 1,
 'domino': 1,
 'donald': 29,
 'donate': 1,
 'donations': 1,
 'donna': 1,
 'donors': 1,
 'dont': 16,
 'doodle': 1,
 'door': 1,
 'dossier': 2,
 'dots': 1,
 'doubtful': 1,
 'downing': 1,
 'dr': 5,
 'draft': 1,
 'drafting': 1,
 'drag': 1,
 'drake': 1,
 'dream': 1,
 'dreamed': 1,
 'dreamers': 5,
 'drinks': 1,
 'drive': 1,
 'driverless': 1,
 'driving': 1,
 'drone': 1,
 'drones': 1,
 'drop': 1,
 'dropout': 1,
 'drug': 6,
 'dry': 1,
 'dubai': 1,
 'dustin': 1,
 'duties': 1,
 'dye': 1,
 'dying': 1,
 'earlier': 3,
 'early': 3,
 'earthquake': 1,
 'east': 3,
 'easy': 1,
 'eclipse': 1,
 'economic': 4,
 'economics': 1,
 'economy': 1,
 'edge': 1,
 'editing': 1,
 'education': 1,
 'effect': 1,
 'effects': 1,
 'effort': 3,
 'efforts': 4,
 'ehud': 1,
 'el': 1,
 'election': 4,
 'elections': 2,
 'electoral': 1,
 'elite': 1,
 'email': 2,
 'emails': 1,
 'emanuel': 1,
 'embark': 1,
 'embassy': 2,
 'embrace': 1,
 'emergency': 1,
 'emerges': 1,
 'emissions': 2,
 'emmanuel': 1,
 'emotional': 1,
 'empire': 1,
 'employers': 1,
 'empowered': 1,
 'en': 1,
 'end': 5,
 'enemy': 1,
 'energized': 1,
 'energy': 2,
 'enforcement': 3,
 'enforcing': 1,
 'engaged': 1,
 'english': 3,
 'englishonly': 1,
 'enrichment': 1,
 'enrique': 1,
 'enrollment': 3,
 'ensnared': 1,
 'entertain': 1,
 'entertainment': 1,
 'environmental': 2,
 'epa': 1,
 'epic': 1,
 'epidemiology': 1,
 'epilogue': 1,
 'episode': 7,
 'equal': 1,
 'era': 1,
 'erupts': 1,
 'escalate': 1,
 'escalation': 1,
 'escape': 1,
 'espn': 1,
 'establishment': 1,
 'estate': 1,
 'estates': 1,
 'ethical': 1,
 'ethics': 2,
 'eu': 1,
 'europe': 2,
 'european': 5,
 'eve': 1,
 'evening': 7,
 'event': 1,
 'events': 2,
 'evidence': 2,
 'evil': 1,
 'exaggerates': 1,
 'examining': 1,
 'exbodyguard': 1,
 'excerpts': 1,
 'exchange': 2,
 'exchanges': 1,
 'executive': 1,
 'exhausting': 1,
 'exhibition': 1,
 'exiled': 1,
 'exit': 2,
 'expands': 1,
 'expansion': 2,
 'expected': 2,
 'expelling': 1,
 'experience': 2,
 'experiences': 1,
 'experiment': 1,
 'experimenting': 1,
 'experts': 2,
 'explains': 2,
 'explorer': 2,
 'export': 1,
 'exports': 1,
 'express': 1,
 'expressed': 1,
 'extension': 1,
 'extra': 1,
 'extreme': 1,
 'eyes': 1,
 'face': 3,
 'facebook': 4,
 'facebooks': 1,
 'faces': 3,
 'facing': 1,
 'fact': 3,
 'factions': 1,
 'fail': 1,
 'failed': 1,
 'failing': 2,
 'failure': 2,
 'failures': 1,
 'fainting': 1,
 'faith': 1,
 'fake': 2,
 'fall': 1,
 'fallon': 3,
 'fallout': 1,
 'false': 2,
 'falsehoods': 1,
 'families': 4,
 'family': 2,
 'famous': 1,
 'fantasyland': 1,
 'far': 1,
 'fashion': 2,
 'fat': 1,
 'father': 1,
 'fats': 1,
 'fault': 1,
 'favorite': 2,
 'fbi': 3,
 'fc': 1,
 'fcc': 1,
 'fdr': 1,
 'fear': 2,
 'fearful': 1,
 'feasting': 1,
 'feature': 1,
 'feb': 1,
 'fed': 2,
 'federal': 17,
 'feed': 2,
 'feedback': 1,
 'feel': 1,
 'feeling': 1,
 'fees': 1,
 'felt': 1,
 'fence': 3,
 'festival': 1,
 'feuds': 1,
 'fever': 1,
 'fiction': 1,
 'fierce': 1,
 'fiery': 1,
 'fight': 3,
 'fighting': 1,
 'figures': 1,
 'files': 2,
 'film': 2,
 'films': 2,
 'final': 2,
 'finalize': 1,
 'financial': 6,
 'finding': 1,
 'finger': 1,
 'firm': 1,
 'fiscal': 1,
 'fix': 4,
 'flaco': 1,
 'flake': 2,
 'flakes': 2,
 'flash': 5,
 'floating': 1,
 'flood': 1,
 'floor': 1,
 'florida': 1,
 'foe': 2,
 'folk': 1,
 'following': 1,
 'food': 5,
 'football': 1,
 'forces': 1,
 'forecast': 1,
 'foreign': 11,
 'foreigners': 1,
 'forest': 2,
 'forever': 2,
 'formidable': 1,
 'foundation': 1,
 'fox': 3,
 'fpl': 1,
 'francis': 2,
 'franken': 1,
 'frat': 1,
 'fraudulence': 1,
 'free': 3,
 'freedom': 2,
 'french': 1,
 'friedlander': 1,
 'friedlanders': 1,
 'friend': 1,
 'friends': 2,
 'fulltime': 1,
 'fund': 2,
 'fundamental': 1,
 'funded': 1,
 'funding': 4,
 'fundraiser': 1,
 'funds': 2,
 'furious': 1,
 'fusion': 4,
 'future': 1,
 'gag': 1,
 'gamble': 1,
 'game': 4,
 'games': 1,
 'gang': 3,
 'gangs': 1,
 'garcia': 1,
 'gardner': 1,
 'garrow': 1,
 'gas': 2,
 'gates': 1,
 'gave': 3,
 'gender': 1,
 'generational': 1,
 'genome': 1,
 'germany': 3,
 'gets': 2,
 'getting': 1,
 'ghost': 1,
 'gianforte': 1,
 'giants': 1,
 'gift': 3,
 'gingrich': 1,
 'girl': 3,
 'giving': 2,
 'glass': 1,
 'glimmer': 1,
 'global': 5,
 'glut': 1,
 'goals': 1,
 'goat': 1,
 'god': 1,
 'godfather': 1,
 'goes': 1,
 'going': 24,
 'gold': 1,
 'golf': 2,
 'gone': 2,
 'good': 8,
 'goods': 2,
 'goodyear': 2,
 'google': 2,
 'gop': 19,
 'gops': 3,
 'gorka': 1,
 'gorsuch': 1,
 'governor': 2,
 'governors': 1,
 'gps': 3,
 'grade': 1,
 'grading': 1,
 'grammys': 1,
 'gray': 1,
 'great': 16,
 'grew': 1,
 'greys': 1,
 'grievances': 1,
 'griffin': 1,
 'griffins': 1,
 'grip': 1,
 'group': 5,
 'grow': 1,
 'growing': 2,
 'growth': 1,
 'guantánamos': 1,
 'guard': 1,
 'guards': 1,
 'guests': 1,
 'guide': 2,
 'guilty': 1,
 'gun': 3,
 'guns': 1,
 'guys': 1,
 'hai': 1,
 'hall': 1,
 'halts': 1,
 'hamas': 1,
 'hamilton': 1,
 'hamnett': 1,
 'hands': 1,
 'happens': 1,
 'harassment': 3,
 'hard': 3,
 'hardline': 2,
 'harm': 1,
 'harrelson': 1,
 'harry': 1,
 'harvey': 1,
 'hassett': 1,
 'hatch': 1,
 'hate': 1,
 'hated': 1,
 'hates': 1,
 'hats': 2,
 'having': 1,
 'hawk': 1,
 'hayes': 1,
 'haynie': 1,
 'head': 2,
 'heads': 1,
 'health': 129,
 'healthy': 2,
 'hear': 1,
 'heart': 1,
 'heat': 1,
 'hedge': 2,
 'hefner': 1,
 'heightens': 1,
 'hell': 2,
 'helm': 1,
 'help': 9,
 'helped': 3,
 'helps': 1,
 'helsinki': 1,
 'heres': 1,
 'heritage': 3,
 'heroin': 1,
 'hes': 6,
 'hezbollah': 1,
 'hicks': 1,
 'hidden': 1,
 'hiding': 1,
 'high': 3,
 'higher': 2,
 'highlighting': 1,
 'highlights': 5,
 'highrisk': 2,
 'hike': 1,
 'hill': 2,
 'hillary': 1,
 'hills': 1,
 'hillsdale': 1,
 'hillsdales': 1,
 'hint': 1,
 'hinted': 1,
 'hints': 1,
 'history': 4,
 'hit': 2,
 'hitting': 2,
 'hiv': 1,
 'hold': 1,
 'holiday': 1,
 'hollier': 1,
 'hollywood': 2,
 'homeland': 1,
 'honoring': 1,
 'hoover': 1,
 'hope': 1,
 'horn': 1,
 'hospital': 1,
 'hostage': 2,
 'hostilities': 1,
 'hosts': 1,
 'hotel': 3,
 'house': 56,
 'houses': 2,
 'housesenate': 1,
 'houston': 2,
 'huge': 1,
 'hugh': 1,
 'human': 2,
 'hungarian': 1,
 'hunt': 1,
 'hunting': 1,
 'hunts': 1,
 'hurdle': 1,
 'hurricane': 7,
 'hurricanes': 1,
 'hurt': 1,
 'ice': 2,
 'ices': 1,
 'icij': 1,
 'idea': 4,
 'ideas': 4,
 'ideological': 1,
 'ideology': 1,
 'igniting': 1,
 'ignorance': 1,
 'illegal': 2,
 'illegally': 1,
 'illnesses': 1,
 'illustrated': 1,
 'im': 11,
 'image': 1,
 'imagines': 1,
 'imam': 1,
 'immigrant': 4,
 'immigrants': 12,
 'immigration': 18,
 'immortality': 1,
 'impact': 3,
 'impeach': 1,
 'impeachment': 2,
 'implementation': 1,
 'important': 1,
 'imports': 2,
 'impotence': 1,
 'improbable': 1,
 'inaccurate': 2,
 'inaugural': 1,
 'incendiary': 1,
 'includes': 2,
 'including': 2,
 'incoherent': 1,
 'income': 3,
 'incompetence': 1,
 'incomplete': 1,
 'incompletes': 1,
 'increased': 1,
 'independence': 1,
 'indiana': 1,
 'indictments': 3,
 'individual': 3,
 'indivisible': 1,
 'industry': 1,
 'ineffective': 1,
 'influence': 1,
 'infrastructure': 3,
 'initiatives': 1,
 'injury': 1,
 'inmates': 2,
 'inner': 1,
 'innovation': 1,
 'inquiries': 1,
 'inquiry': 1,
 'insects': 1,
 'inside': 1,
 'insider': 1,
 'insists': 1,
 'instead': 1,
 'insult': 2,
 'insulted': 1,
 'insurance': 58,
 'insurer': 2,
 'insurers': 8,
 'intelligence': 2,
 'intention': 1,
 'interest': 1,
 'interested': 1,
 'international': 6,
 'internet': 2,
 'interview': 2,
 'invade': 1,
 'investigation': 3,
 'investigations': 1,
 'investigators': 1,
 'investment': 1,
 'investor': 1,
 'investors': 1,
 'invitation': 1,
 'involved': 1,
 'iowa': 1,
 'ipo': 1,
 'iran': 15,
 'iranian': 1,
 'iranians': 1,
 'irans': 2,
 'iraq': 3,
 'irma': 1,
 'irving': 1,
 'isis': 1,
 'islamic': 2,
 'island': 2,
 'islands': 2,
 'isnt': 2,
 'israel': 2,
 'israeli': 1,
 'issue': 3,
 'issues': 1,
 'istvan': 1,
 'italy': 1,
 'items': 1,
 'ivanka': 1,
 'ivy': 1,
 'j': 1,
 'jab': 1,
 'jackson': 1,
 'jail': 1,
 'jails': 1,
 'jake': 1,
 'jampacked': 1,
 'jan': 1,
 'japan': 6,
 'japanese': 3,
 'jared': 3,
 'jazeera': 2,
 'jeered': 1,
 'jeff': 6,
 'jemele': 1,
 'jennings': 1,
 'jeremy': 1,
 'jerome': 2,
 'jersey': 2,
 'jerseys': 1,
 'jfk': 2,
 'jimmy': 4,
 'jinping': 1,
 'job': 8,
 'jobs': 6,
 'john': 4,
 'johnson': 2,
 'join': 1,
 'joining': 1,
 'joins': 1,
 'joint': 1,
 'joke': 1,
 'jokes': 1,
 'jon': 1,
 'jones': 2,
 'joness': 1,
 'jorge': 1,
 'josefina': 1,
 'journalists': 2,
 'journey': 1,
 'joy': 1,
 'jr': 2,
 'judges': 2,
 'judicial': 2,
 'judiciary': 1,
 'justice': 6,
 'justin': 1,
 'kaepernick': 1,
 'kansas': 2,
 'karen': 1,
 'kasich': 1,
 'kate': 1,
 'kathy': 1,
 'keith': 1,
 'kelly': 2,
 'kennedy': 3,
 'kentucky': 1,
 'kept': 1,
 'key': 1,
 'kill': 2,
 'killedsince': 1,
 'killing': 1,
 'kim': 1,
 'kind': 1,
 'kindness': 1,
 'king': 2,
 'kings': 1,
 'kneeling': 1,
 'knew': 1,
 'knife': 1,
 'know': 14,
 'known': 1,
 'knuckleheads': 1,
 'kobach': 1,
 'kobachs': 1,
 'koenig': 1,
 'korda': 1,
 'korea': 13,
 'korean': 3,
 'koreans': 1,
 'koreas': 1,
 'kremlin': 1,
 'kurds': 1,
 'kushner': 4,
 'kushners': 1,
 'kuwait': 1,
 'la': 1,
 'labeling': 1,
 'labor': 3,
 'laborers': 1,
 'laces': 1,
 'lady': 1,
 'lake': 2,
 'lamar': 1,
 'land': 1,
 'landscape': 1,
 'language': 3,
 'large': 2,
 'larger': 1,
 'largest': 2,
 'las': 5,
 'lashes': 1,
 'lastditch': 1,
 'late': 4,
 'latenight': 1,
 'later': 8,
 'latest': 3,
 'latinos': 2,
 'launch': 2,
 'law': 26,
 'lawmakers': 4,
 'laws': 2,
 'lawyer': 1,
 'lawyers': 1,
 'lbj': 1,
 'lead': 3,
 'leader': 1,
 'leaders': 8,
 'leadership': 2,
 'leading': 1,
 'leads': 1,
 'league': 3,
 'learn': 1,
 'lease': 1,
 'leaves': 1,
 'leaving': 1,
 'lee': 1,
 'left': 2,
 'legacy': 1,
 'legal': 7,
 'legend': 1,
 'legislation': 4,
 'legislative': 3,
 'legislator': 1,
 'leo': 1,
 'lesson': 3,
 'lessons': 1,
 'let': 5,
 'lets': 1,
 'letter': 2,
 'lewandowski': 2,
 'liberal': 1,
 'liberals': 1,
 'liberate': 1,
 'liberated': 1,
 'liberating': 1,
 'libya': 1,
 'lido': 1,
 'lie': 1,
 'lies': 1,
 'life': 9,
 'lifesaver': 1,
 'lifts': 1,
 'liked': 1,
 'likely': 2,
 'likes': 1,
 'limit': 1,
 'limited': 1,
 'lining': 1,
 'link': 1,
 'linked': 1,
 'listen': 5,
 'listens': 1,
 'literary': 1,
 'little': 3,
 'litwak': 1,
 'live': 5,
 'lives': 1,
 'living': 3,
 'lng': 1,
 'lobbying': 2,
 'lobbyists': 1,
 'local': 2,
 'lockheed': 1,
 'lockout': 1,
 'london': 2,
 'lonely': 2,
 'long': 4,
 'longer': 2,
 'longstreth': 1,
 'look': 4,
 'loop': 1,
 'los': 4,
 'lose': 4,
 'loses': 1,
 'losing': 2,
 'loss': 1,
 'lost': 3,
 'lot': 6,
 'louisiana': 1,
 'love': 4,
 'lovers': 1,
 'loves': 1,
 'lowers': 1,
 'lowest': 1,
 'loyal': 1,
 'loyalty': 1,
 'lusts': 1,
 'lying': 1,
 'lynch': 1,
 'macarthur': 1,
 'macron': 2,
 'mad': 1,
 'madrid': 1,
 'magazinethe': 9,
 'magerko': 1,
 'maggie': 1,
 'magic': 1,
 'main': 55,
 'maine': 2,
 'majority': 2,
 'makes': 3,
 'making': 5,
 'malaysia': 1,
 'man': 6,
 'manafort': 3,
 'manchester': 1,
 'mandate': 7,
 'manhattan': 1,
 'manjoo': 1,
 'manufacturing': 1,
 'marble': 1,
 'margot': 1,
 'maria': 2,
 'marias': 1,
 'marijuana': 1,
 'marino': 1,
 'maritime': 1,
 'mark': 1,
 'market': 8,
 'marketplace': 3,
 'markets': 3,
 'marks': 1,
 'marshall': 1,
 'marshawn': 1,
 'martin': 1,
 'martinez': 1,
 'mass': 1,
 'maternal': 1,
 'math': 1,
 'matters': 1,
 'maybe': 1,
 'mayfield': 1,
 'mayor': 1,
 'mccain': 3,
 'mccains': 1,
 'mccall': 1,
 'mccarthy': 1,
 'mcconnell': 5,
 'mcconnells': 3,
 'mean': 2,
 'means': 1,
 'measured': 1,
 'media': 9,
 'medicaid': 16,
 'medical': 2,
 'medicare': 2,
 'meet': 2,
 'meeting': 7,
 'melania': 1,
 'melissa': 1,
 'member': 3,
 'members': 5,
 'memo': 1,
 'memorabilia': 1,
 'men': 6,
 'menace': 1,
 'mend': 1,
 'mental': 1,
 'mentality': 1,
 'mentor': 1,
 'mercer': 1,
 'mercers': 1,
 'merger': 1,
 'merkel': 1,
 'mero': 1,
 'merry': 1,
 'mess': 1,
 'message': 2,
 'messages': 2,
 'met': 2,
 'metal': 1,
 'metaphor': 1,
 'metaphors': 1,
 'mexican': 11,
 'mexicans': 1,
 'mexico': 25,
 'mexicos': 2,
 'meyers': 3,
 'miami': 1,
 'michael': 3,
 'michaels': 1,
 'michel': 1,
 'michigan': 1,
 'middle': 7,
 'middlebury': 1,
 'middleclass': 4,
 'mifsud': 1,
 'migrant': 1,
 'migrants': 2,
 'miguels': 1,
 'mike': 1,
 'miles': 2,
 'military': 3,
 'miller': 1,
 'million': 10,
 'millions': 2,
 'milo': 1,
 'mindset': 1,
 'minimally': 1,
 'minister': 1,
 'minority': 1,
 'minutes': 1,
 'mirror': 1,
 'mirrors': 1,
 'misfires': 1,
 'misleading': 1,
 'missile': 2,
 'missiles': 2,
 'missions': 1,
 'missouri': 1,
 'mistake': 2,
 'mistaken': 1,
 'mitch': 3,
 'mnuchin': 2,
 'mobileye': 1,
 'models': 1,
 'moms': 1,
 'monetary': 1,
 'money': 12,
 'montana': 1,
 'montclair': 1,
 'month': 7,
 'months': 2,
 'moolaville': 1,
 'moon': 2,
 'moore': 7,
 'moral': 1,
 'moreno': 1,
 'morning': 6,
 'mortality': 1,
 'moscow': 1,
 'mosquito': 1,
 'mosquitoes': 1,
 'mother': 2,
 'motorcade': 1,
 'moved': 1,
 'movement': 2,
 'moves': 1,
 'movies': 2,
 'moving': 1,
 'mr': 227,
 'mrs': 5,
 'ms': 22,
 'msnbc': 1,
 'mueller': 4,
 'muellers': 1,
 'mulvaney': 6,
 'murders': 1,
 'murkowski': 2,
 'murray': 2,
 'murrow': 1,
 'music': 3,
 'muslims': 1,
 'mysterious': 1,
 'myth': 1,
 'nadal': 1,
 'naders': 1,
 'nafta': 1,
 'naftas': 1,
 'names': 2,
 'nancy': 1,
 'narrative': 1,
 'narrow': 1,
 'nathan': 1,
 'nation': 1,
 'national': 12,
 'nations': 4,
 'native': 2,
 'nato': 2,
 'natural': 1,
 'navajos': 1,
 'navarro': 1,
 'navigator': 1,
 'near': 1,
 'need': 9,
 'needham': 1,
 'needs': 1,
 'neighborhood': 1,
 'neighbors': 2,
 'net': 2,
 'netanyahu': 1,
 'netflix': 1,
 'network': 4,
 'networks': 2,
 'neutrality': 1,
 'newsletter': 13,
 'newt': 1,
 'nfl': 4,
 'nicaraguans': 1,
 'nice': 1,
 'nicole': 1,
 'nielsen': 1,
 'nieto': 3,
 'night': 5,
 'nights': 1,
 'ninth': 1,
 'noah': 1,
 'nominated': 1,
 'nomination': 1,
 'normal': 2,
 'norms': 1,
 'north': 19,
 'northam': 1,
 'nouy': 1,
 'nov': 1,
 'novel': 1,
 'npra': 1,
 'nuclear': 13,
 'number': 1,
 'numbers': 3,
 'nursing': 1,
 'nurture': 1,
 'nxivm': 1,
 'nyc': 1,
 'nytimescom': 2,
 'obama': 16,
 'obamacare': 54,
 'obamas': 2,
 'objections': 1,
 'obstacles': 2,
 'oct': 1,
 'odd': 1,
 'odds': 1,
 'offensive': 2,
 'offer': 2,
 'offered': 1,
 'office': 3,
 'officer': 1,
 'officers': 1,
 'official': 3,
 'officials': 9,
 'ohio': 1,
 'oil': 1,
 'old': 3,
 'older': 3,
 'olympic': 1,
 'onstage': 1,
 'oodham': 1,
 'oped': 1,
 'open': 5,
 'opens': 3,
 'opera': 1,
 'operations': 1,
 'opinion': 2,
 'opinions': 1,
 'opioid': 3,
 'opponent': 1,
 'oppose': 1,
 'opposed': 1,
 'opposite': 1,
 'opposition': 2,
 'optima': 1,
 'option': 2,
 'order': 10,
 'orders': 2,
 'organization': 2,
 'organizations': 1,
 'organizers': 1,
 'orleans': 1,
 'osorio': 1,
 'oswald': 2,
 'outofpocket': 1,
 'outrage': 2,
 'outside': 3,
 'overhaul': 2,
 'overseas': 1,
 'overshadowed': 1,
 'oversight': 1,
 'oversold': 1,
 'owners': 1,
 'owns': 1,
 'pace': 1,
 'pacts': 1,
 'page': 2,
 'pain': 1,
 'painful': 1,
 'painted': 1,
 'painters': 1,
 'paintings': 1,
 'palestinian': 1,
 'panel': 2,
 'panels': 1,
 'panthers': 1,
 'papadopoulos': 7,
 'papers': 1,
 'paradise': 1,
 'paradox': 1,
 'pardon': 1,
 'pardons': 1,
 'parents': 2,
 'paris': 4,
 'park': 1,
 'partial': 1,
 'parties': 1,
 'partisan': 1,
 'party': 32,
 'partys': 1,
 'pass': 3,
 'passed': 2,
 'past': 5,
 'path': 1,
 'patients': 2,
 'patrol': 4,
 'patrols': 1,
 'patron': 1,
 'paul': 7,
 'pay': 9,
 'paychecks': 1,
 'paying': 1,
 'payment': 1,
 'payments': 3,
 'pazar': 1,
 'peace': 2,
 'pelosi': 3,
 'peltz': 1,
 'penalizing': 1,
 'pence': 2,
 'penn': 2,
 'penns': 1,
 'pennsylvania': 1,
 'pepfar': 1,
 'performance': 1,
 'performances': 1,
 'performers': 9,
 'perkins': 1,
 'perlmutter': 1,
 'permission': 1,
 'person': 1,
 'personal': 4,
 'pesticide': 1,
 'petroleum': 1,
 'petty': 1,
 'peña': 5,
 'philip': 1,
 'phone': 4,
 'phony': 1,
 'photographer': 1,
 'photopaul': 1,
 'photopresident': 1,
 'photos': 1,
 'pick': 4,
 'picks': 1,
 'pictures': 1,
 'piece': 2,
 'pitch': 1,
 'pixar': 1,
 'place': 1,
 'places': 3,
 'plainview': 1,
 'plan': 34,
 'planets': 1,
 'planned': 1,
 'plans': 17,
 'plant': 1,
 'play': 6,
 'playbook': 1,
 'player': 5,
 'players': 5,
 'playoffs': 8,
 'plays': 2,
 'plaza': 2,
 'pleads': 1,
 'plot': 1,
 'pocahontas': 1,
 'podcast': 1,
 'point': 3,
 'policies': 6,
 'policing': 1,
 'policy': 13,
 'political': 13,
 'politically': 2,
 'politics': 7,
 'pondered': 1,
 'poodle': 1,
 'pools': 1,
 'pope': 3,
 'popular': 1,
 'population': 1,
 'populism': 1,
 'populist': 2,
 'portraits': 1,
 'pose': 1,
 'possible': 2,
 'post': 1,
 'posted': 7,
 'posting': 1,
 'postobama': 1,
 'potential': 1,
 'pounder': 1,
 'poverty': 1,
 'powell': 2,
 'power': 7,
 'practical': 1,
 'praise': 1,
 'praying': 1,
 'preexisting': 4,
 'pregnancy': 1,
 'pregnant': 1,
 'premium': 2,
 'premiums': 9,
 'presidency': 2,
 'president': 132,
 'presidential': 3,
 'presidents': 11,
 'press': 3,
 'pressing': 1,
 'pretend': 1,
 'prevention': 1,
 'pri': 1,
 'price': 6,
 'priest': 1,
 'priests': 1,
 'primary': 2,
 'prime': 1,
 'prince': 1,
 'principals': 1,
 'principle': 1,
 'prior': 1,
 'privacy': 2,
 'private': 2,
 'probably': 1,
 'problem': 1,
 'problems': 1,
 'proceed': 1,
 'process': 2,
 'produced': 1,
 'producer': 1,
 'production': 1,
 'professor': 4,
 'profits': 1,
 'program': 15,
 'programs': 3,
 'proimmigration': 1,
 'project': 1,
 'projected': 1,
 'projectors': 1,
 'projects': 1,
 'promise': 1,
 'promised': 1,
 'promises': 2,
 'promotes': 1,
 'property': 2,
 'prophet': 1,
 'proportion': 1,
 'proposal': 2,
 'proposals': 4,
 'propose': 2,
 'prosecutors': 2,
 'protect': 2,
 'protected': 1,
 'protection': 1,
 'protections': 1,
 'protein': 1,
 'protest': 1,
 'protesters': 1,
 'protests': 2,
 'prototypes': 1,
 'protrump': 1,
 'provide': 2,
 'provision': 2,
 'provisions': 1,
 'public': 8,
 'puerto': 15,
 'pull': 2,
 'pulling': 3,
 'pulls': 1,
 'punches': 1,
 'punishment': 1,
 'purge': 1,
 'purposeful': 1,
 'push': 1,
 'pushes': 2,
 'putin': 1,
 'puts': 1,
 'quality': 2,
 'quarrel': 1,
 'quarter': 1,
 'queens': 2,
 'question': 1,
 'questions': 2,
 'quickly': 1,
 'quiet': 1,
 'quotation': 1,
 'race': 4,
 'racial': 1,
 'racism': 1,
 'rafael': 1,
 'rage': 1,
 'ragnarok': 1,
 'raiders': 1,
 'rain': 2,
 'rains': 1,
 'raised': 2,
 'raising': 1,
 'rally': 2,
 'ralph': 1,
 'ramos': 1,
 'rand': 1,
 'random': 1,
 'rangers': 1,
 'rant': 1,
 'rate': 3,
 'rates': 2,
 'rating': 1,
 'ratings': 2,
 'reach': 2,
 'reaches': 2,
 'reacting': 2,
 'read': 3,
 'reader': 1,
 'reading': 73,
 'ready': 1,
 'reaffirmed': 1,
 'reagan': 2,
 'real': 5,
 'really': 5,
 'realworld': 1,
 'reappropriation': 1,
 'reasons': 2,
 'rebeckah': 1,
 'rebel': 1,
 'receipt': 1,
 'receipts': 1,
 'receive': 5,
 'received': 1,
 'recent': 2,
 'reception': 1,
 'recipients': 1,
 'reckoning': 1,
 'recommendation': 1,
 'recommitting': 1,
 'reconcile': 1,
 'reconsider': 1,
 'records': 1,
 'recordsetting': 1,
 'recovery': 2,
 'red': 1,
 'rediscovers': 1,
 'redskins': 8,
 'redstate': 1,
 'reduce': 1,
 'reducing': 1,
 'reduction': 1,
 'reelection': 1,
 'referendum': 1,
 'reform': 3,
 'refugees': 2,
 'region': 2,
 'regulation': 2,
 'regulator': 1,
 'regulators': 1,
 'rehabilitation': 1,
 'rejecting': 1,
 'related': 1,
 'relations': 3,
 'release': 1,
 'released': 2,
 'releases': 1,
 'relief': 4,
 'religion': 2,
 'religious': 3,
 'remain': 1,
 'remaining': 1,
 'remember': 1,
 'remembrance': 1,
 'remittances': 1,
 'remote': 1,
 'renaissance': 2,
 'renegotiation': 1,
 'renew': 1,
 'renewal': 1,
 'repeal': 33,
 'repealing': 2,
 'repeats': 1,
 'replace': 4,
 'replacement': 3,
 'replacing': 3,
 'report': 5,
 'reported': 1,
 'reportedly': 1,
 'reporter': 1,
 'reporters': 4,
 'reporting': 2,
 'reports': 1,
 'represent': 1,
 'representative': 2,
 'republican': 69,
 'republicans': 77,
 'rescue': 1,
 'research': 5,
 'researchers': 1,
 'resentment': 1,
 'reservation': 1,
 'reserve': 2,
 'reshaping': 1,
 'residents': 1,
 'resistance': 3,
 'resolve': 1,
 'resources': 1,
 'respect': 1,
 'respite': 1,
 'respond': 2,
 'responding': 1,
 'response': 3,
 'responsible': 1,
 'rest': 1,
 'restaurant': 2,
 'restaurants': 2,
 'restrict': 1,
 'restrictions': 1,
 'restructuring': 1,
 'results': 1,
 'retirement': 1,
 'retreat': 1,
 'return': 1,
 'returns': 2,
 'reveal': 1,
 'revealed': 1,
 'reveals': 1,
 'revenue': 4,
 'reversing': 1,
 'review': 1,
 'revise': 1,
 'revised': 2,
 'revising': 1,
 'revisits': 1,
 'revives': 1,
 'revolution': 1,
 'revolutionary': 1,
 'revolutions': 1,
 'rex': 1,
 'ribbon': 1,
 'rica': 1,
 'rican': 1,
 'rich': 3,
 'rick': 2,
 'rico': 14,
 'ricos': 2,
 'right': 7,
 'rights': 5,
 'rightwing': 1,
 'riles': 1,
 'riordan': 1,
 'riordans': 1,
 'riot': 1,
 'rise': 3,
 'risk': 3,
 'risks': 2,
 'river': 1,
 'rivers': 1,
 'road': 1,
 'roadblock': 1,
 'robert': 2,
 'rocky': 1,
 'roger': 2,
 'rohrabacher': 1,
 'rohrabachers': 1,
 'role': 3,
 'roll': 1,
 'rollbacks': 1,
 'roma': 1,
 'rome': 1,
 'room': 2,
 'roosevelt': 1,
 'roosevelts': 1,
 'rosa': 1,
 'rosenberg': 1,
 'rosenthal': 1,
 'ross': 1,
 'roth': 1,
 'round': 1,
 'rouses': 1,
 'row': 1,
 'roy': 3,
 'ruined': 1,
 'ruins': 1,
 'rule': 5,
 'rules': 6,
 'run': 1,
 'rush': 1,
 'russia': 24,
 'russian': 12,
 'rust': 1,
 'rustier': 1,
 'rutenberg': 1,
 'ryan': 9,
 'rye': 1,
 'sabotage': 3,
 'sacks': 1,
 'safety': 1,
 'saints': 8,
 'saldaña': 1,
 'san': 2,
 'sanctions': 1,
 'sanders': 1,
 'sangerkatz': 1,
 'sank': 1,
 'santana': 1,
 'santiago': 1,
 'sarah': 1,
 'sater': 1,
 'satisfied': 2,
 'saudi': 2,
 'savages': 1,
 'save': 4,
 'saved': 1,
 'saving': 1,
 'savings': 1,
 'say': 16,
 'saying': 1,
 'scalias': 1,
 'scandal': 3,
 'scare': 1,
 'scared': 2,
 'scary': 1,
 'schenkkan': 1,
 'schieffer': 1,
 'schiff': 1,
 'schiller': 1,
 'scholar': 1,
 'school': 8,
 'schoolers': 1,
 'schumer': 2,
 'science': 1,
 'scolds': 1,
 'scores': 2,
 'scouring': 1,
 'scout': 1,
 'scouts': 1,
 'scrap': 1,
 'scratch': 1,
 'screens': 1,
 'screenwriter': 1,
 'scrutiny': 1,
 'seahawks': 8,
 'seal': 1,
 'sean': 1,
 'search': 2,
 'season': 2,
 'seattle': 1,
 'second': 2,
 'secondclass': 1,
 'secretary': 5,
 'security': 9,
 'seed': 8,
 'seeds': 1,
 'seedy': 1,
 'seeing': 2,
 'seek': 1,
 'seekers': 1,
 'seeking': 1,
 'seeks': 1,
 'seen': 2,
 'sees': 2,
 'self': 1,
 'selfcreated': 1,
 'selfdestructive': 1,
 'sell': 2,
 'selling': 1,
 'sellout': 1,
 'semirigid': 2,
 'sen': 1,
 'senate': 42,
 'senates': 1,
 'senator': 14,
 'senators': 10,
 'send': 1,
 'sending': 1,
 'senior': 4,
 'sense': 1,
 'sent': 2,
 'seoul': 1,
 'sept': 1,
 'sergeant': 1,
 'series': 1,
 'serious': 1,
 'service': 4,
 'services': 7,
 'sessions': 6,
 'set': 3,
 'setback': 1,
 'seth': 2,
 'sets': 1,
 'seven': 2,
 'sexual': 5,
 'shaken': 1,
 'shameless': 1,
 'shannon': 1,
 'shannons': 1,
 'shape': 1,
 'share': 1,
 'sharply': 1,
 'shed': 1,
 'sheriffs': 1,
 'shes': 1,
 'shifted': 1,
 'shining': 1,
 'shkreli': 1,
 'shocked': 1,
 'shocking': 1,
 'shooting': 3,
 'shopping': 2,
 'shots': 1,
 'showed': 1,
 'showing': 1,
 'shows': 4,
 'shrink': 1,
 'shugerman': 1,
 'shutdown': 2,
 'sick': 1,
 'sides': 1,
 'siegel': 1,
 'sign': 133,
 'signed': 1,
 'signups': 1,
 'silicon': 1,
 'silver': 1,
 'similar': 1,
 'simply': 4,
 'sin': 1,
 'sing': 1,
 'singer': 1,
 'singlepayer': 2,
 'siren': 1,
 'site': 2,
 'situation': 1,
 'situationmary': 1,
 'size': 1,
 'skid': 1,
 'skinny': 1,
 'skunks': 1,
 'slate': 1,
 'slaves': 1,
 'sleaze': 1,
 'sleeps': 1,
 'slouching': 1,
 'slow': 2,
 'small': 3,
 'smile': 1,
 'smugglers': 2,
 'smuggling': 1,
 'snap': 1,
 'snapshot': 1,
 'snl': 1,
 'snowstorm': 1,
 'snuffleupagus': 1,
 'soar': 1,
 'soaring': 1,
 'soccer': 3,
 'social': 5,
 'soho': 2,
 'solar': 1,
 'sold': 2,
 'solo': 1,
 'solution': 2,
 'son': 4,
 'song': 2,
 'sonic': 1,
 'soon': 1,
 'sound': 2,
 'sounds': 1,
 'sources': 1,
 'south': 6,
 'soviet': 2,
 'sows': 1,
 'spain': 1,
 'spanglish': 1,
 'spanish': 4,
 'speaker': 2,
 'speakers': 1,
 'speaks': 1,
 'special': 5,
 'species': 1,
 'spectrum': 1,
 'speech': 1,
 'spell': 1,
 'spend': 1,
 'spending': 10,
 'spent': 1,
 'spicer': 3,
 'spiral': 1,
 'spite': 1,
 'spot': 2,
 'springs': 1,
 'springsteen': 1,
 'staff': 1,
 'stage': 2,
 'stages': 1,
 'stainless': 1,
 'stake': 1,
 'stakes': 1,
 'stalled': 2,
 'stamp': 2,
 'stance': 1,
 'stand': 3,
 'standards': 2,
 'standing': 1,
 'standoff': 1,
 'start': 4,
 'state': 23,
 'statement': 3,
 'states': 74,
 'stating': 1,
 'status': 1,
 'stayed': 1,
 'stays': 1,
 'steele': 1,
 'steelers': 8,
 'steelworker': 1,
 'stein': 2,
 'steinle': 1,
 'step': 2,
 'stephen': 2,
 'stephenson': 1,
 'steps': 1,
 'steve': 1,
 'stewart': 2,
 'stock': 2,
 'stockton': 1,
 'stop': 2,
 'stopgap': 1,
 'storm': 5,
 'strange': 3,
 'strategic': 1,
 'strategies': 2,
 'strategy': 1,
 'streamed': 1,
 'streaming': 1,
 'street': 1,
 'strengthen': 1,
 'structures': 1,
 'struggle': 2,
 'struggling': 1,
 'stryk': 1,
 'student': 1,
 'students': 6,
 'study': 3,
 'stupid': 2,
 'submarine': 1,
 'submarines': 1,
 'submit': 1,
 'subscribe': 5,
 'subsidies': 10,
 'substantially': 1,
 'subtle': 1,
 'suburban': 1,
 'suburbs': 2,
 'success': 1,
 'successes': 1,
 'successful': 2,
 'suddenly': 1,
 'sues': 1,
 'suffering': 1,
 'suggest': 1,
 'suggesting': 1,
 'suit': 1,
 'summer': 3,
 'sunny': 1,
 'super': 2,
 'support': 7,
 'supporter': 1,
 'supporters': 3,
 'supporting': 1,
 'supports': 2,
 'supreme': 3,
 'sure': 1,
 'surge': 1,
 'surgery': 1,
 'surges': 1,
 'surprising': 1,
 'surrender': 1,
 'surrendered': 2,
 'surrenders': 1,
 'survey': 1,
 'survive': 1,
 'suspect': 1,
 'sutherland': 1,
 'swedish': 1,
 'swerve': 1,
 'swift': 1,
 'swifter': 1,
 'swiftly': 1,
 'sydney': 1,
 'syria': 3,
 'syrian': 3,
 'system': 6,
 'table': 1,
 'tackles': 1,
 'taco': 1,
 'tactics': 1,
 'tad': 1,
 'taiwan': 1,
 'taiwans': 1,
 'takeaways': 2,
 'takeover': 1,
 'takes': 3,
 'taking': 3,
 'tale': 1,
 'talk': 1,
 'talking': 5,
 'talks': 6,
 'tanick': 1,
 'tantrum': 1,
 'tap': 4,
 'targets': 1,
 'tax': 54,
 'taxes': 9,
 'taxesthe': 1,
 'taxexempt': 1,
 'taxi': 1,
 'taxing': 1,
 'tea': 1,
 'teach': 1,
 'teachers': 2,
 'team': 5,
 'teams': 2,
 'tech': 2,
 'ted': 1,
 'teenagers': 1,
 'tehran': 1,
 'television': 2,
 'tell': 4,
 'telling': 1,
 'tells': 1,
 'temer': 1,
 'temporary': 1,
 'tend': 1,
 'tensions': 1,
 'term': 2,
 'terminal': 1,
 'terms': 3,
 'terrible': 1,
 'terror': 1,
 'terrorism': 2,
 'terrorist': 2,
 'teshekpuk': 1,
 'test': 3,
 'texans': 8,
 'texas': 9,
 'thaad': 1,
 'thank': 3,
 'thankful': 1,
 'thankfully': 1,
 'thanks': 2,
 'thats': 11,
 'theater': 2,
 'theaters': 1,
 'theory': 3,
 'theres': 2,
 'theyre': 7,
 'thing': 3,
 'things': 9,
 'think': 21,
 'thinking': 1,
 'thirdparty': 1,
 'thor': 1,
 'thought': 2,
 'threat': 2,
 'threatening': 1,
 'threatens': 1,
 'threats': 1,
 'thrives': 1,
 'ticket': 1,
 'tickets': 1,
 'tie': 1,
 'ties': 5,
 'tight': 1,
 'tightening': 1,
 'tijuana': 3,
 'tillerson': 2,
 'tillersons': 1,
 'tillman': 1,
 'tillmans': 1,
 'tim': 1,
 'timeline': 1,
 'times': 79,
 'timeson': 1,
 'timess': 3,
 'titans': 8,
 'title': 1,
 'today': 21,
 'todays': 1,
 'tohono': 1,
 'told': 21,
 'tom': 5,
 'tony': 1,
 'took': 6,
 'tools': 1,
 'topic': 1,
 'torch': 1,
 'toronto': 1,
 'torrential': 1,
 'total': 2,
 'totally': 1,
 'tough': 1,
 'tougher': 1,
 'tour': 1,
 'tourism': 1,
 'tower': 2,
 'town': 2,
 'towns': 1,
 'toxic': 1,
 'toyota': 1,
 'track': 2,
 'tracking': 1,
 'trade': 16,
 'trading': 2,
 'trafficked': 1,
 'trafficking': 1,
 'tragedy': 1,
 'trail': 1,
 'training': 2,
 'trainwreck': 1,
 'trans': 1,
 'transactional': 1,
 'transcript': 3,
 'transgender': 1,
 'transportation': 1,
 'travel': 7,
 'travelban': 1,
 'travesty': 1,
 'treasure': 1,
 'treasured': 1,
 'treatment': 4,
 'tremendous': 1,
 'trevor': 1,
 'trial': 1,
 'trials': 1,
 'tricking': 1,
 'tricks': 1,
 'tried': 1,
 'tries': 1,
 'trip': 7,
 'triple': 2,
 'triumph': 1,
 'troops': 3,
 'troubled': 1,
 'trove': 1,
 'truce': 1,
 'truckers': 1,
 'true': 1,
 'truman': 1,
 'trump': 317,
 'trumpcare': 6,
 'trumpcares': 2,
 'trumpera': 1,
 'trumpify': 1,
 'trumpism': 1,
 'trumpryancare': 1,
 'trumps': 110,
 'trust': 1,
 'truth': 2,
 'try': 7,
 'trying': 6,
 'tuesdays': 1,
 'tuition': 1,
 'tunnel': 1,
 'turkey': 1,
 'turkish': 2,
 'turks': 1,
 'turn': 4,
 'turnbull': 1,
 'turned': 1,
 'turns': 1,
 'tusk': 1,
 'tv': 3,
 'tweeted': 2,
 'tweets': 3,
 'twice': 1,
 'twin': 1,
 'twitter': 11,
 'tyranny': 1,
 'uber': 1,
 'ucla': 1,
 'ukraine': 1,
 'unaccountable': 1,
 'unanimous': 1,
 'unauthorized': 2,
 'uncertainty': 1,
 'undercut': 1,
 'understand': 1,
 'understood': 1,
 'undertones': 1,
 'undeserving': 1,
 'undo': 2,
 'undocumented': 3,
 'undone': 1,
 'uneasy': 1,
 'unemployment': 1,
 'unequal': 1,
 'unesco': 2,
 'unfairly': 1,
 'unfashionable': 1,
 'unimpressed': 1,
 'uninsurable': 1,
 'uninsured': 2,
 'union': 1,
 'unions': 1,
 'united': 59,
 'unity': 1,
 'universities': 1,
 'university': 2,
 'unkrich': 1,
 'unloved': 1,
 'unpopular': 1,
 'unprecedented': 1,
 'unraveling': 1,
 'unsettled': 1,
 'unusual': 1,
 'upgrade': 2,
 'uranium': 1,
 'urge': 1,
 'urged': 1,
 'urges': 3,
 'usda': 1,
 'used': 3,
 'users': 1,
 'usmexico': 1,
 'usturkey': 1,
 'usually': 1,
 'utah': 2,
 'uttered': 1,
 'vacuity': 1,
 'vague': 1,
 'valle': 1,
 'valley': 1,
 'valleys': 1,
 'values': 3,
 'van': 1,
 'vance': 1,
 'vast': 1,
 'vatican': 1,
 'vegas': 6,
 'vehicles': 1,
 'venezuela': 1,
 'verdict': 1,
 'version': 2,
 'vetting': 1,
 'vice': 2,
 'victims': 2,
 'victory': 4,
 'video': 7,
 'view': 8,
 'views': 1,
 'vikings': 8,
 'village': 1,
 'vindictive': 1,
 'viola': 1,
 'violas': 1,
 'violated': 1,
 'violence': 2,
 'violent': 1,
 'virgin': 2,
 'virginia': 4,
 'virtue': 1,
 'virus': 1,
 'visa': 1,
 'visas': 1,
 'visibility': 1,
 'visit': 3,
 'visiting': 1,
 'visitor': 8,
 'visitors': 1,
 'visits': 1,
 'vitezi': 1,
 'viviana': 1,
 'vladivostok': 1,
 'vogue': 1,
 'voice': 3,
 'volatility': 1,
 'vote': 18,
 'voted': 5,
 'voter': 3,
 'voters': 10,
 'votes': 4,
 'voting': 1,
 'vouchers': 1,
 'vow': 1,
 'vows': 2,
 'vs': 5,
 'w': 1,
 'wades': 1,
 'wages': 2,
 'wait': 3,
 'waiting': 1,
 'waiver': 1,
 'waivers': 2,
 'waking': 1,
 'wall': 26,
 'walls': 3,
 'walsh': 1,
 'wanted': 1,
 'wanting': 1,
 'wants': 3,
 'war': 18,
 'ward': 1,
 'warming': 1,
 'warms': 1,
 'warner': 1,
 'warren': 1,
 'wars': 2,
 'wary': 2,
 'washington': 12,
 'washingtons': 2,
 'waste': 1,
 'watch': 7,
 'watched': 1,
 'watches': 1,
 'water': 5,
 'waters': 1,
 'waves': 1,
 'way': 24,
 'ways': 7,
 'weak': 1,
 'weakening': 1,
 'wealthy': 3,
 'weapons': 2,
 'wear': 1,
 'website': 1,
 'weddings': 1,
 'week': 17,
 'weekend': 7,
 'weeks': 3,
 'weinstein': 6,
 'weinsteins': 1,
 'welch': 1,
 'welcome': 1,
 'welfare': 1,
 'wellreasoned': 1,
 'went': 4,
 'west': 2,
 'weve': 1,
 'whackatax': 1,
 'whales': 1,
 'whats': 3,
 'wheres': 1,
 'whiskey': 1,
 'white': 50,
 'whites': 2,
 'wicked': 1,
 'widen': 1,
 'widens': 1,
 'wife': 1,
 'wikileaks': 1,
 'wilbur': 1,
 'wild': 1,
 'wildest': 1,
 'willing': 3,
 'win': 5,
 'window': 1,
 'wing': 1,
 'winning': 1,
 'wins': 11,
 'winter': 1,
 'wipes': 1,
 'wire': 1,
 'wires': 1,
 'wisdom': 1,
 'wish': 4,
 'witch': 2,
 'withdraw': 1,
 'woman': 5,
 'women': 18,
 'womens': 5,
 'won': 5,
 'wonder': 1,
 'wont': 6,
 'word': 2,
 'words': 3,
 'work': 27,
 'worked': 3,
 'workers': 8,
 'working': 2,
 'works': 2,
 'world': 39,
 'worlds': 1,
 'worn': 1,
 'worry': 1,
 'worse': 3,
 'worst': 2,
 'wouldnt': 1,
 'wounded': 2,
 'wrapped': 1,
 'wreck': 1,
 'wrestlers': 1,
 'wrestling': 2,
 'writ': 1,
 'writer': 5,
 'writers': 3,
 'writes': 1,
 'writing': 2,
 'written': 1,
 'wrong': 1,
 'wrongdoing': 1,
 'wrongfor': 1,
 'wrote': 11,
 'wwrnytimescom_____photowhat': 1,
 'wyeth': 1,
 'wyoming': 1,
 'xavier': 1,
 'xenophobia': 1,
 'xi': 3,
 'xolos': 1,
 'yankee': 1,
 'yard': 1,
 'yearend': 1,
 'yemen': 2,
 'yes': 4,
 'yesterday': 1,
 'yiannopoulos': 2,
 'york': 147,
 'yorkthe': 1,
 'yorkto': 1,
 'youkelly': 1,
 'youll': 1,
 'young': 6,
 'youre': 18,
 'youtube': 1,
 'zarate': 1,
 'zealot': 1,
 'zerosum': 1,
 'zika': 1,
 'zimbabwe': 1,
 'zone': 1,
 'zoo': 1,
 'zuckerberg': 1}

 Label 0 Keywords Distribution - Top 10

[('trump', 317), ('mr', 227), ('york', 147), ('sign', 133), ('president', 132), ('health', 129), ('trumps', 110), ('care', 94), ('times', 79), ('republicans', 77)]

Label 1 Keywords Distribution - All

Counter({'tax': 14,
         'trump': 9,
         'plan': 6,
         'mr': 6,
         'taxes': 6,
         'federal': 5,
         'trumps': 5,
         'states': 4,
         'united': 4,
         'republican': 4,
         'income': 4,
         'republicans': 3,
         'bill': 3,
         'repeal': 3,
         'deficit': 3,
         'spending': 3,
         'corporate': 3,
         'jobs': 3,
         'york': 3,
         'sales': 3,
         'rate': 3,
         'trade': 3,
         'automakers': 2,
         'winners': 2,
         'million': 2,
         'losers': 2,
         'welfare': 2,
         'future': 2,
         'analysis': 2,
         'vehicles': 2,
         'power': 2,
         'imports': 2,
         'senate': 2,
         'cuts': 2,
         'sign': 2,
         'wealthy': 2,
         'work': 2,
         'american': 2,
         'manufacturing': 2,
         'prices': 2,
         'economic': 2,
         'americans': 2,
         'production': 2,
         'care': 2,
         'increase': 2,
         'families': 2,
         'workers': 2,
         'middleclass': 2,
         'gop': 2,
         'price': 2,
         'continue': 2,
         'week': 2,
         'industry': 1,
         'come': 1,
         'proposed': 1,
         'thats': 1,
         'save': 1,
         'wall': 1,
         'rest': 1,
         'billions': 1,
         'sen': 1,
         'gm': 1,
         'reading': 1,
         'adjustment': 1,
         'announces': 1,
         'house': 1,
         'build': 1,
         'strongly': 1,
         'faces': 1,
         'resume': 1,
         'truths': 1,
         '35': 1,
         'charts': 1,
         'negotiations': 1,
         'electricity': 1,
         'state': 1,
         'greatly': 1,
         'company': 1,
         'america': 1,
         'induce': 1,
         'senator': 1,
         'trying': 1,
         'european': 1,
         'debt': 1,
         'chrysler': 1,
         'products': 1,
         'boom': 1,
         'executive': 1,
         'retailers': 1,
         'explain': 1,
         'budget': 1,
         'bills': 1,
         '2010': 1,
         'earnings': 1,
         'plants': 1,
         'insurance': 1,
         'overhaul': 1,
         'good': 1,
         'job': 1,
         'alive': 1,
         'complicate': 1,
         'union': 1,
         'catch': 1,
         'carbon': 1,
         'unemployment': 1,
         'reform': 1,
         'ryan': 1,
         'solar': 1,
         'motors': 1,
         'deduction': 1,
         'higher': 1,
         'imposed': 1,
         'sold': 1,
         'finance': 1,
         'obamacare': 1,
         'heres': 1,
         'opposition': 1,
         'revisited': 1,
         'help': 1,
         '28': 1,
         'paul': 1,
         'votes': 1,
         'punts': 1,
         'foods': 1,
         'john': 1,
         'round': 1,
         'foreign': 1,
         'likely': 1,
         'drop': 1,
         'rule': 1,
         'president': 1,
         'counted': 1,
         'importbased': 1,
         'marginal': 1,
         'deductions': 1,
         'health': 1,
         'billion': 1,
         'selfdriving': 1,
         'remain': 1,
         'source': 1,
         'report': 1,
         'fed': 1,
         'tests': 1,
         'way': 1,
         'japan': 1,
         'howls': 1,
         'mulvaney': 1,
         'earning': 1,
         'holding': 1,
         '20': 1,
         'takeover': 1,
         'discuss': 1,
         'average': 1,
         'war': 1,
         'freedom': 1,
         'auto': 1,
         'loophole': 1,
         'emissions': 1,
         'doesnt': 1,
         'output': 1,
         '15': 1,
         'coal': 1,
         'vote': 1,
         'works': 1,
         'capital': 1,
         'rates': 1,
         'enemy': 1,
         'chests': 1,
         'plans': 1,
         'growth': 1,
         'batch': 1,
         'wishes': 1,
         'mexico': 1,
         'potential': 1,
         'history': 1,
         'major': 1,
         'money': 1,
         'passthrough': 1,
         'changes': 1,
         'quick': 1,
         'import': 1,
         'supply': 1,
         'code': 1,
         'border': 1,
         'sway': 1,
         'regulatory': 1,
         'companies': 1,
         'social': 1,
         'substantially': 1,
         'college': 1,
         'france': 1,
         'donald': 1,
         'labor': 1,
         'extremist': 1,
         'obamaera': 1,
         'youre': 1,
         'understand': 1,
         'agree': 1,
         'gains': 1,
         'canada': 1,
         'transfers': 1,
         'eliminate': 1,
         'liveris': 1,
         'leaders': 1,
         'germany': 1,
         'general': 1,
         'voters': 1,
         'energy': 1,
         'shouldnt': 1,
         'taxed': 1,
         'wind': 1,
         'strings': 1,
         'clean': 1,
         'climate': 1,
         'boondoggle': 1,
         'rep': 1,
         'cars': 1,
         'counting': 1,
         'opec': 1,
         'bad': 1,
         'create': 1,
         'education': 1,
         'purse': 1,
         'masquerading': 1,
         'epa': 1,
         'true': 1,
         '25': 1,
         'brexit': 1,
         'framework': 1,
         'motor': 1})

Label 1 Keywords Distribution - Top 10

[('tax', 14), ('trump', 9), ('plan', 6), ('mr', 6), ('taxes', 6), ('federal', 5), ('trumps', 5), ('states', 4), ('united', 4), ('republican', 4)]

Process finished with exit code 0
